1. Toolkits Domain (39 Perks)


   1. (1)-Workshop (Warehouse) (0cp) You have a basic workshop.


   2. (2)-Garage (Fast and Furious) (100cp) You have a nice garage and parts supply. With a few days and some elbow grease, you could basically rebuild your car or cars from the bottom up; you probably have enough parts to keep someone else's ride running or give it an upgrade, too.


   3. (3)-Hangar (Ace Combat) (0cp) Planes are fine when they’re going through the air and dealing with enemies. But leaving them to the elements and the outdoors when they’re not in use? Well that just seems really crass. You need somewhere to store your vehicles and planes when you’re not busy destroying anything that’s not on your side, and that’s what these establishments are for. It’s not the most fancy thing in the world, but it’ll serve its purpose and make sure your means for vehicular slaughter are in prime condition for their tasks. For an additional +50BP, these hangar bays also come equipped with special clamps and harnesses to make refitting and refueling any planes ,go much more quickly than they would if you were using them by hand. For sea-based bases, this also means you have docks for boats and submarines.


   4. (4)-Architect's Eye (LOSS) (600cp) Every structure has a purpose, a reason for being. When it comes to buildings you know exactly what to do and how to do it. This makes building stable, good looking, and comfortable buildings. This also extends to being able to know the who, what, when, where, and why of any non-weaponized structure. This expands the more you learn about other cultures, places, science, and technology. Eventually learn to build things to withstand black holes or places with non-euclidian geometry etc and not compromise your end goal [allowing something to survive in it]. This also lets you spot weak points, flaws, and exploits in design as well.


   5. (5)-Scanner (Iji) (200cp) Serves a number of purposes. Primarily, allows you to determine the location of all living creatures within a large radius around the user, although this might be blocked by certain defenses or stealth abilities. Also capable of determining molecular structure and provides blueprints when scanning objects.


   6. (6)-Omnitool (Mass Effect) (0cp) Comes with a free set of basic armor with a kinetic barrier, a basic weapon, one for each type you are proficient in and a decent Omni-Tool holographic wrist-computer capable of fabricating things with Omni-Gel, like a blade.


   7. (7)-Tool Kit (Macross) (100cp) Woah now, Sonny Jim! You don't expect to fix that machine with your bare fingers, do you? Don't go anywhere without the equipment you need to make sure that tech keeps on trucking! A handy dandy set of tools to accommodate for maintaining Variable Fighters. This will make things easier if you want to keep things in shape or just want to poke around and see what's inside!


   8. (8)-Striker Artificer Toolkit (Strike Witches) (100cp) All the tools you need to make a Striker.


   9. (9)-Ars Creation Tools (Blazblue) (200cp) Tools required to make Ars Magus and Ars Armagus. Without these, creating such things would be impossible, because creating the converter to let the user manipulate Seithr requires these specialized tools for the process to work properly.


   10. (10)-Micromanipulators/vending machine (Raildex Science) (100cp) [Micromanipulators] (50cp) These delicate gloves were meant for scientific purposes. They're reinforced with small motors and electrically contracting artificial muscles to allow you to perform delicate work on the scale of a micron. While they're definitely more suited to scientific experiments, they can be put to use in any situation that requires steady hands like aiming a rifle, conducting brain surgery, cooking, defusing a bomb, or even bypassing some redirection and shielding abilities. [Vending Machine] (50cp) Randomly flavored during dispensing vending machine that no matter where it is placed produces a profit. Eats high dollar bills sometimes and always dispenses at least one beverage when shaken roughly. It's a little old with loose springs but won’t need repaired and is always stocked, Just watch out for the random barbecue and strawberry mixes.


   11. (11)-AGE System (Gundam AGE) (600cp) This is a 3-part package deal, so you’re getting more bang for your buck. First is the AGE Device, which is a massive data-storage unit that contains the Asuno’s research data (though for you it starts only with what Flit managed to create and gather before the series start) and the blueprints for the Gundam’s armor. It also acts as a key-none of the other parts of this system will operate without it. Next is the AGE Builder, which is an extremely fast 3-D printer (able to make a Mobile Suit rifle in seconds) and continuously collects data from the AGE Device and AGE System. The AGE System is a data collection program that can be installed onto a Mobile Suit and acts as a unique OS. It will collect data and evolve along with its pilot, researching ‘solutions’ to problems, coming in the form of the Wear Parts, arm and legs designed to improve and counter situations. The Wear Parts are flown to the AGE Gundams in battle using the AMEMBO (one of which is included with this purchase) and swapped mid-battle, though with a different design you could remove the AMEMBO from the equation entirely. This is a highly advanced system, one that can collect, analyze, improve, build and conquer many situations. A Mobile Suit equipped with the AGE System will have a bright letter on its front, defaulting to a blue ‘A’-as a bonus, you may change the coloring and the letter to whatever you wish at any time.


   12. (12)-Orgel of Origins (Ar Tonelico) (500cp) A copy of the original Song Science device. A handheld music box that plays a very carefully calibrated song. It is made of Parameno and Grathnode -and got hot pretty quickly. Enjoy your white hole generator -this is what powers the entire tower, including the antigravity generators, weather control, and giant beam cannons. All of it. It’s an infinite energy generator, with a very high output. Unless you buy both this and Song Science, replicating it is nearly impossible, with both it is tricky.


   13. (13)-Diagnostic Tools/Melee Weapon (Outlaw Star) (100cp) [Diagnostic Tools] (50cp) A small data display with numerous connectors and scanners, capable of letting you know what is wrong with simple technology and what advanced technology that has been programmed into it. [Melee Weapon] (50cp) A well-constructed sword, axe, or blunt weapon. Superior in construction to many ancient weapons of the same type and can act as a minor magical focus if you can use magic.


   14. (14)-Kinesis/Stasis Module (Dead Space) (200cp) [Kinesis Amplifier] (100cp) Your kinesis module's artificial gravity field has a range of about five meters of grabbing and, while that's not likely to change without your own tinkering, you can use points to increase the initial power of a throw, increasing the effective range of your throws by 15% and and the damage of the throw by 10%, making it much easier to pin enemies to walls. [Stasis Amplifier] (100cp) Where as your Kinesis module runs off of your RIG's built-in power source, the stasis module has it's own battery that recharges on it's own over a time, and, considering that it creates a temporal stasis field, that's already amazing. And while you can't increase the size of the affected area using your points, you can increase the duration that the field lasts by 15%, and make it recharge 10% faster.


   15. (15)-The Toolkit (Sabaton) (100cp) When wielding this toolkit, you can repair devices most would think broken beyond salvation. You could find two twisted armor plates and a couple of treads and before you know it, you have a tank that's as good as new.


   16. (16)-Volcanic Forge (God of War) (300cp) The Smith God's power is great, but it is not by his will alone that his works are forged. There is also his tools to consider, and with this you have one such tool. Attached to your Warehouse is a small volcano, a fiery beast that will never fade and never falter. Its power is great, reducing the time you need to break down metals and minerals, reworking them into new forms while increasing their quality and inherent strengths. Should you choose, you may also take a significant hit in forging time to experiment with different metals and minerals, melting and combining them to create a different, newer resource with one quality from the second object in question. Rise, craftsman. Rise and begin your work.


   17. (17)-Armor-Shift Manufacture (Bloody Roar) (100cp) A small machine - big enough to hold a massive pauldron or two - that gives any pieces of armor or clothing placed inside a specific quality: When their wearer changes form, the armor and clothing changes form with them.


   18. (18)-Skyforge (The Elder Scrolls: Skyrim) (200cp) An ancient, mysterious, eagle themed forge added to your warehouse. Any metal items crafted at the forge will be significantly harder and stronger for it. Something about the fires.


   19. (19)-Mythical Forge (Jade Empire) (300cp) You have obtained a forge capable of creating gems, as well as upgrading any of your weapons to their fullest potential. The staff known as Golden Star can become Tien’s Justice, the sword known as Fortune’s Favorite can become the Demon Sword. Furthermore, this forge can upgrade your own weapons, increasing the skill it takes to use them, but enhancing their abilities by 50% ... provided you are willing to think of a cool name and backstory for them. The forge is a stickler for tradition.


   20. (20)-Workshop (Bubblegum Crisis) (100cp) You need tools? You have ALL the tools. Using this, you can effectively build and/or repair any damn thing in BGC, though constructing orbital shuttles might take a while. Never mind getting ahold of the plans. Can act as an independent location or as an upgrade/attachment to Canyon Garage or Underground Hideout.


   21. (21)-Laboratorium (Light of Terra) (100cp) Ancient cogitators, arrays of auspex systems, and volume upon volume of documentation supply an Adept with the tools and information necessary to capably analyze a recovered technological artefact.


   22. (22)-Lathe-Wrought Armour Plating Kit (Light of Terra) (400cp) The astronomical and gravitational alignment of the Lathe worlds creates the conditions for the production of metal alloys of rare and singular properties. Lathe armour plating is strong and light, flexible enough to withstand the most powerful blows, and even resistant to intense heat or the crackling edge of a power weapon. The cost and rarity of such an upgrade is beyond the means of most individuals, with maybe only half a dozen sets of Lathe-wrought armour upgrade kits constructed in a decade, each created under commission for a specific wearer.


   23. (23)-Advanced Materials Upgrade Kit (Light of Terra) (300cp) Plasteel, adamantium, armourplas, synth-leather and other sophisticated materials are used for all sorts of purposes within the Imperium and are typically far more resilient than their archaic equivalents. Archaic styles of armor are seldom effective against advanced weapons, and rarely used in any case, but many of those who hail from primitive cultures favor the styles of wargear they are accustomed to. Wrought from plasteel and armourplas instead of bronze, iron and steel, a suit of chain or plate can be a quite effective defense, often the equal of more modern armors.


   24. (24)-Crucible of Eight Trigrams (Journey to the West) (500cp) A big ass crucible that can render down *most* objects into their base components. Magic and enchantments can be removed this way and used for later experiments, although this will take some time to accomplish and is not an exact science. You can’t use it to break down living creatures.


   25. (25)-Launderer System (No More Heroes) (400cp) You gain a new thing to place in your warehouse, and though you don’t exactly know how it works the instruction booklet says it can construct beam katanas of all different styles and usefulness if given the right components-or if you don’t have those, shoving the right raw ingredients in enough quantity to just manufacture the damn things. With enough technical knowledge, you will be able to discard the manual. [beam katana's are kind of like light sabers only with a stabaliser thing that runs the length of the beam and has something at the top, kind of like the "]" bracket.]


   26. (26)-Workshop (Samurai Jack) (200cp) A small base filled with all the equipment you’ll need to work. This lab can be used for your choice of scientific or magical research.


   27. (27)-Hidden Hideaway/Laboratory (Valkyria Chronicles) (200cp) You've come into possession of a small but out of the way safe-house, providing you with a place to rest and recuperate. This place has enough supplies for 9 people to live for a year or so. Those who have chosen the Scientist origin however, gain an upgrade to this building in the form of an underground laboratory. It is stocked with all the necessary tools and ingredients for a secret lab in the 1930's, along with a few scattered notes on what appears to be a figure surrounded in light.


   28. (28)-Soul of the Forge (World of Warcraft) (200cp) There is no "soul of the forge," there isn't even a forge so lets just say this gives you a portable forge. *Suggested* You can summon a workshop with forge wherever you are to do work. This takes a few minutes of your time to either summon or dismiss and can’t be summoned in such a way that it will harm someone directly. Using the tools inside afterwards to do such is fine. Anything made in this forge is of higher quality then normal and anyone who examines it knows that it was created by someone who loves their craft. This forge will not provide raw materials to work with, but you can store any materials or supplies inside it well summoned, that will stick around though summoning until you use them or remove them. You can not use this to store anything living.


   29. (29)-Orb Design Plans (Swat Kats) (800cp) Well... this is curious. The design plans for a Micro-Brain Repair Unit... this won't show up for some time, but it is quite useful nonetheless. Once assembled, it will have the ability to scan and repair any damaged machinery it comes across, simply by using the materials around it. The more advanced the machine is, the longer it will take... but it will do its job. Even more concerningly, it has the ability to learn and adapt itself, assimilating machinery to create a more grand body. It may come with existential issues... are you sure you want this?


   30. (30)-Workshop Equipment (Bloodborne) (300cp) This is actually a package deal containing a variety of workshop tools. The first tool set has some basic tools for repairing equipment and some more specialized tools for upgrading weaponry with varying Blood Stones. The second set of tools allows for the slotting and removal of Blood Gems, items that as previously mentioned can greatly empower weaponry. The last set of tools allows you to etch Caryll Runes into the mind to attain their wondrous strength, or remove them just as easily. Runesmith Caryll, student of Byrgenwerth, transcribed the inhuman utterings of the Great Ones into what are now called Caryll Runes. Etching these runes into your mind can provide a number of benefits. Benefits can range from resisting certain types of damage, increasing resistance to various poisons or increasing stamina and vitality, among other effects. You may etch up to three runes into your mind at a time. These runes can be found scattered around this world.


   31. (31)-Workshop/3D Fabricator (GUNNM) (200cp) Powered tools for cyborg disassembly and repair. Bulky diagnostic computer, ten kilograms of miscellaneous spare parts, very rare compact 3D fabricator capable of milling custom components and printing or repairing circuitry. Free Rocket Hammer.


   32. (32)-Alchemical Foundry/Mythic Forge/Dust Refinery/Arcane Smelter (Endless Legend) (400cp) [Alchemical Foundry] (50cp) You gain the equipment needed to extract, process, and refine Titaniumand Glassteel. It exacts about one ingot a week. [Mythic forge] (150cp) You possess the tools to gather, refine, and process Mithrite and Hyperium.Good luck finding it, much less finding some that others haven't already claimed. [Dust Refinery] (100cp) Able to infuse Dust with new life, the Refinery is the staple of Dust Enchantment. While Dust infused iron is common, it pales compared to the Dust enchantments this refinery allows. Allows for the crafting of Foci and magic rings, talismans, insignias, and tomes. [Arcane Smelter] (100cp) A self-contained device used to extract, process, and refine Palladium and Adamantium. A must have for the smith on the go.


   33. (33)-Alchemy Workshop (Endless Legend) (100cp) Build into a wagon, this full-scale workshop allows for scientific research in the field, and provides all the tools the aspiring researcher needs to learn about the world they are in. Just don't blow yourself up or blind anyone, ok?


   34. (34)-The Alchemy Machine (Shivers) (400cp) Created by the legendary alchemist Louis Garcon, this mysterious machine combines modern science with principles passed down from ancient Egyptian times. Should you have any alchemic ability or knowledge, using this machine will not only drastically enhance the potency of anything you create, but also significantly boost the output. Careful experimentation may even let you learn to automate the alchemic process, allowing the machine to produce indefinitely if provided with supplies. Without such knowledge, though, expect significantly more experimentation before you achieve anything of note.


   35. (35)-The Mixing Cauldron/Melting Pot/Spirit Pyroxene (Atelier: Arland Trilogy) (300cp) [The Mixing Cauldron] (100cp) Every Alchemists’ trusty tool, the mixing cauldron is basically the alchemist’s work desk and research station combined into one. With this, no potion is out of reach –though it isn’t uncommon to find that some alchemists’ will create...other things from their cauldrons, and one would be foolish to presume that a cauldron can’t be improved... [Melting pot] (100cp) It’s not uncommon to find that certain ingredients will not mix well just as attempting to stack too many enchantments into a potion can prove disastrous. In an attempt to mitigate this, the melting pot was constructed with a higher rate of mixing. This directly translates to a higher degree of homogenization, but you’ll have to understand that to maintain this level of mixing you need to have a higher energy source than just a fire under the cauldron. It does allow you to blend some ingredients that normally would not mix however, though the results may still not be as optimal as you would hope. [Spirit Pyroxene] (100cp) No one quite knows where this pyroxene came from, but it has a very definitive effect on the items that it forms a component of. The mystical power inside the pyroxene seems to carry over into the items that it forms –at least a portion of the power does, and the crafted items became more conductive towards spiritual magic of a large variety. [missing things weren't able to be found]


   36. (36)-Workshop (Dark Cloud 2) (0cp) A small workshop for Mechanics that is geared largely towards building small machines, medium machines...and well, massive machines as well. You’ll have to adjust the tools accordingly yourself for different machines, but the workshop will scale to fit what machines you put into it. Will slowly repair any machines placed inside.


   37. (37)-Prismatic Laboratory (Fallen London) (400cp) The principle of acute observation is light! And to that end, you have fashioned a workspace of lenses, liquids, critters and crystals to focus upon recreating a spectrum of lights fantastic. Ah, the impossible palette: those colors only seen in the Neath! You may not always produce something like it, but you will produce their inks and lenses in time.


   38. (38)-Alchemy Machine (Spiral Knights) (200cp) A personal Variation of the machine you'll come to see all over cradle. This one allows for a degree of experimentation that none of the other machines will, and is capable of accepting a great variety of materials without taking any damage. You'll be able to tweak existing recipes, or even come up with new ones altogether with enough time. Who knows, you might stumble on something good.




   39. (39)-Alchemy Machines (SBURB) (100cp) These machines will be the basis for your use of Alchemy, with which you can create and combine a multitude of useful items throughout your time here, and perhaps beyond that... as long as you have Grist to pay for what you want to Make. Since these are necessary to even start your game, they're even free... beyond the cost in Grist to construct them of course. But if you want to spend some of your CP here, you can start with a fully upgraded variant, gaining every upgrade made to this equipment during the story of Homestuck immediately, without the cost of grist going up at all or having to spend time fiddling around to get them.


2. Knowledge Domain (44 Perks)




   40. (40)-Certified Tech (Fallout) (600cp) You are one of the brightest minds of the 23rd Century! You now understand Pre-War science, and can even reverse-engineer existing technology to learn how it works, and how to recreate it. Plus, if you can learn the basics of truely alien science, this perk helps you master it the same way.


   41. (41)-Tech Expert (Starcraft) (600cp) You have a full understanding of terran technology, and a proper foundation for understanding alien technology and biology, while you will never truly come to an understanding of zerg biology or protoss technology, the insight you have into them can be used to enhance other technology greatly.


   42. (42)-Machinist (Skies of Arcadia) (200cp) Like the famous air pirate Centime, you know your way around machinery. You can repair or build almost anything, given time and resources.


   43. (43)-Analysis (Red Alert 3) (100cp) You can immediately identify any defects in hardware upon casual observation. This is effective on devices, Vehicles, and buildings.


   44. (44)-Whispered (Full Metal Panic) (600cp) Due to a Soviet experiment a while ago, you’re one of the exceptionally rare people known as the Whispered. they have an incredibly advanced knowledge of math, science, engineering, etc though each Whispered only specializes in a single area. If they take the time to learn or supplement this with other technical skills, it’s possible to potentially create Black Technology of their own.


   45. (45)-Machines, They Just Speak To Me (Firefly) (200cp) You have no formal schooling, but can fine-tune and repair engines with nothing but shoe polish. You don’t know what the parts are SUPPOSED to do, but you know how to make them work the way you want. You can diagnose a faulty part in the power core just by listening to the AC cycle, and can fix pretty much anything with naught but a wrench and some duct tape. It may not be pretty, and it may not last long, but it’ll work.


   46. (46)-Analysis (Adventure Time) (300cp) You have the skill and insight to make powerful analytical tools. Such tools are capable of showing you the physical makeup of the things you come across, detect magic and alert you to hidden doorways.


   47. (47)-Engineer/Erudition (Halo) (800cp) [Engineer] (200cp) Yet by understanding the nature of computer systems, wouldn’t it be prudent to understand the technology those systems command? After all, what if you found yourself needing to recalibrate a Magnetic Accelerator Cannon or repair one of the dangerous Shaw-Fujikawa Translight Engines that makes faster-than-light travel possible? What if you found a cache of human weaponry that could be used if someone managed to repair it? While you don’t have the skill to create something as complex as a Shaw-Fujikawa Translight Engine, you’ll know your way around it just like much of Humanity’s26thcentury technology. You might even figure out how to make small improvements to the technology if you had the time to sit down and look it over. Hopefully the Covenant give you that time. [Erudition] (600cp) Ever since the rise of Dr. Catherine Halsey, many were on the lookout for who might become the next intellectual prodigy. Someone who was able to perform as well as she could, someone who could help turn the tide of the war. With this, that someone is now you. Your cognitive capabilities are on par with the good doctor now, making you exceptionally well-versed in nearly all modern human sciences while holding specialties in at least a few fields. Of course, thanks to that you are also rather exceptional at reverse-engineering technology, which allows you to do such things like obtain working knowledge of the mechanics behind Covenant technology and even begin to understand the 'hows' behind some of the mundane pieces of Forerunner technology currently littering the galaxy. Perhaps you could eventually reclaim them.


   48. (48)-Not A Stupid Grunt (Mass Effect) (300cp) Technology has always been your forte. You can hack into some poor shmuck's omni-tool or fix a Tantalus drive core. All you need to start making Mass Relay Jumps is a toaster and a chunk of Eezo.


   49. (49)-Technomage (Strike Witches) (200cp) Strike Witches generally rely on service crews to tune and repair their striker, but not you. You'll be able to do the job much better and be able to modify your Striker to aid you focus your speed, defense or attack if you have offensive magical abilities. If you have technology from other jumps, you'll be able to incorporate them into your striker and with enough time make one from scratch.


   50. (50)-Ancient Knowledge (Mysterious Cities of Gold) (100cp) You know how to operate the devices left behind by the ancient solar empires – if you can find them.


   51. (51)-Gadgeteering (Blazblue) (300cp) Ars Magus aren't the solution to every problem, and more often than not end up causing more than they solve. You have training in "Traditional" science, and can create purely mechanical devices and weapons, such as magnetism-powered gauntlets.


   52. (52)-Independent Innovation (Gundam AGE) (600cp) When it comes down to it, you have to take all the advantages you can get-when you get a chance, you take it. This will help. By analyzing foreign or enemy technology, you can not only pinpoint the pillars of ‘Yes, this is why this works like that’, but also find out what they were lacking. You might have to change a few parts of the original design, but overall you can improve on your foe’s failings from data samples and examples alone. Make your Legilis to the foe’s AGE-3.


   53. (53)-Build That Wall (Bastion) (100cp) You know the basics of Caelondian technology. You understand how to harness the semi­mystical power of Cores and turn it into usable Mantic energy, to power basic machinery, short­range flying machines, computers, and a variety of other uses. More interestingly, you can use Core power to reinforce existing structures, running a Matic current through it to enhance whatever physical properties it possesses ­ usually durability, though other uses are possible. This is what allowed structures like the Rippling Wall and the Bastion to survive the Calamity as well as they did. You also gain basic skill for mundane construction.


   54. (54)-upgrades! Upgrades!! UPGRADES!!! (Red Faction) (400cp) You can make it all better .By studying a piece of technology for a short while, you can come up with ways to improve its functions or fix design flaws, though you’ll still need the related technical skills to figure out details. In addition, you can use salvaged materials in lieu of fresh parts for this task.


   55. (55)-Hard Science (Raildex Science) (600cp) You have knowledge of Academy City's science and technology to rival a scientist with a doctorate and several years of experience under his belt. you are much more intelligent, analytical, and can easily keep your cool under pressure and rein in your emotions. You also gain a Doctorate's worth of Regular Scientific knowledge in the discipline of your Choice. You know the inner workings of recoil mitigating systems and powered armor, but your true specialty is the Esper creation and development process. Given enough time, you might just figure out a way to get rid of the randomness inherent in the process and give x person y ability. Training an Esper to help them reach their maximum potential is child's play.


   56. (56)-Xenoarchaeologist (Stargate SG-1) (600cp) For whatever reason, understanding the civilizations of old means you're able to understand alien technology a lot better. You may not know everything off the bat, but upon first sight you have an idea of what it was meant for... and the longer you look at it, the more information you can glean. Fiddling with it will let you familiarize yourself with it more quickly.


   57. (57)-Engineering Basics (Dead Space) (100cp) You're a real Mr. Fix-It, y'know? Malfunctioning fuel intake? Easy. Faulty asteroid defense cannon? Turn it off, then on again. Non-responsive communications array? Shuffle the working emitters around a bit so they're symmetrical. Undead monstrosities? Depends on what you mean by, "fix." Does using a rivet gun to blow them apart count? Yes? Then we're good.


   58. (58)-The Divine Machines (Lord of Light) (300cp) Many and varied are the wonders of the Gods. From the Vasty Hall of Death, Yama brings forth Thunder Chariot and Bright Spear, Trident of Destruction and Wand of Universal Fire. In Heaven, there is an elegant statue with eight arms that plays the lute when addressed, and endless machines that keep all in perfect stasis. The elementary forms of these great sciences and artefacts are laid bare to you, and you may service and understand the technology of this world. While great innovations and the wonders forged by Yama might escape you, you have a solid basis that escapes the vast majority of men and gods in the world -sufficient to greatly impress those who understand the value of such things. With this you also gain one artefact costing 200CP or less for free. [Free Artifact] Opulent Warehouse - Do the bare walls and drab concrete styling of your cosmic warehouse offend thine eyes? Did you wish for a shaded bower, gilded conservatory or tawdry bordello? While the total size and features will not be changed, the cosmetic structure and layout is yours to realign –as long as it is opulent. Change your bare metal shelving into a dozen cozy rooms, filled with leather-bound books and the smell of rich mahogany. Make your Portal appear edged with basalt andgold, and Forcefield into an invincible iron gate that parts only for you. Once set, you may change the appearance once per Jump.


   59. (59)-Skills (Star Trek: TNG) (400cp) Weapons: Knowledge in the operation and repair of personal and mounted weaponry. Medicine: Training and knowledge in First-aid, diseases, surgery, anatomy, health and nutrition. You're a fully qualified doctor of the 24th century. Robotics: A combined study of mechanical engineering, and computer science. You learn how to make a wide array of machines, and you could even figure out Android or Borg technology if you studied it enough. Physics: How the universe works. The law of gravity, the conservation of matter & energy, quantum physics, etc. Remember though, there are dozens of creatures in this universe that defy the laws of human physics, so you may want to try and rewrite a few of these books while your here. Physical Sciences: Understanding of the natural laws which govern the physical world. Biology, chemistry, geology and ecology. Again, you may want to rewrite a few of these books while you're here. Engineering: You've been trained in the maintenance and repair of Starships. Not only do you have a significant amount of mechanical and computer knowledge, but you also know a great deal about physics.


   60. (60)-Demigod Atelier (Asura's Wrath) (400cp) You know the secret science of Mantra technology and can build custom devices that are powered by prayer or emotion. Further, you can enhance or upgrade items from other jumps to use this same power source. If you take Cyborg Hindu Godbody, you may construct Demigod cybernetics for other people. After the jump concludes, you may also build Mantra Reactors. Demigod Atelier allows you to create any mantra­powered or integrated device, up to and including the vast fleets of Shinkoku Tratstrium, the heavenly vessels of the divine armies, and even the anti­Gohmaplatform Brahmastra. The latter however would require millennia of effort, and was never completed even in the scope of the original setting.


   61. (61)-Grease Monkey (Bubblegum Crisis) (300cp) What can you fix or build? What CAN'T you fix or build? Nothing, that's what. From hyper-cars to Buma, computers to Hardsuits, with the right tools and enough time and experiments, you can build it all, weaponry included.


   62. (62)-The Plecian Tome (Light of Terra) (500cp) The Pleician Tome is a portable font of certain archives, templates and pieces of ancient lore, created by a senior Tech-priest of the Adeptus Mechanicus and used by Techmarines. Even to a trained eye, the information is a seemingly random collection, with no easy means of navigation, and so it takes much study to glean anything relevant to a particular task. Indeed, only those with a wide knowledge of Machine Spirits and engine lore have any hope of understanding the information contained within, however, those with patience and the appropriate skills can find secrets of great use within the datacore, secrets dating back to the fabled Dark Age of Technology.


   63. (63)-The Maddest Science Yet! (Tenchi Muyo) (800cp) You can create supertech wonders, past mere conveniences into legitimately useful things like advanced starships, ray guns and miraculous devices. You can also enhance technology from other jumps with this skill. Note that trying to build an FTL starship from scratch on an undeveloped world will probably take ten years...


   64. (64)-Inventor (Futurama) (600cp) You are a brilliant (if eccentric) Inventor. You can (within reason) create nearly anything you can imagine if you put in the time. You have a cabinet full of doomsday devices and would be more than capable of slapping together Reverse Scuba Suits for fish or Death Clocks.


   65. (65)-Reverse Engineering (Sekirei) (400cp) Bizarre alien technology, super­robots, genetic engineering. You might not know these disciplines, but with just a single example to test to destruction, you should be able to figure out how it (used) to work, how to apply the principles to new tech, and with a few projects under your belt, remake the original!


   66. (66)-Xenospecialist (Gears of War) (200cp) The problem with fighting and violence is that it's no place for an egghead, and as a result valuable information could be lost to a wayward grenade before study. You've taken it upon yourself to bring that knowledge back, and as such you have an easier time understanding alien language and technology. It won't give you instant knowledge, but as you study further you will find it becomes easier to comprehend.


   67. (67)-Valkyrian Science (Valkyria Chronicles) (300cp) Somehow, you've gained some of the knowledge that the Valkyrur used to possess, giving you the skill and ability to graft Ragnite machinery on a level far above any modern human. At first, you'd only be able to create replica's of the Valkyrian weapons, but with many years of study it might be possible to recreate the Valkyrur themselves.


   68. (68)-I Am Iron Man/Retro-Engineer (MCU) (1000cp) [I am Iron Man] (400cp) You're not the ACTUAL Iron Man, but you could make a fairly decent knock-off. Power armors, sonic cannons, holographic interface, laser weapons, repulsor technology, you have the knowledge to build these things and more. Furthermore, you can think of different upgrades and modifications to adapt to different situations much easier than normal when presented with a problem that's hampered your technological progress. [Retro-Engineer] (600cp) Your understanding of technology is so great that you've even learned to get into the basics of tinkering with alien technologies. As long as you take the time to study something and experiment properly, you'll eventually figure out a method for that tech you found. Whether it's taking that weird glowing thing and powering your machines with it, or dismantling an alien robot and putting it into a gun, you'll figure out a use for something as long as you put in time. As a bonus, you're skilled enough in research and experimentation that you're far less likely to break what you're studying on accident.


   69. (69)-Etoria Disciple (Final Fantasy XII) (100cp) The art of Etoria, the technology which allowed for the creation of things like airships, has always fascinated you. You've noticed patterns in technology, and armed with that knowledge you adapt to new technology quickly. Your teacher has given you a skystone -the key to building your own airship in time, and you'll have no lack of resources.


   70. (70)-Holy Forge (Hellgate London) (200cp) You know how to craft the Holy Power Armor of the Templars, Each suit of armor is customized for the user. All suits increase strength and speed, however Common personal suit augmentations include Anchor spikes (that form from hands or feet), Hammer Fist (lock your gauntlets into a hammer), camouflage screening, and 360 HUD in the helmet.


   71. (71)-Technician (Alpha Cenaturi) (400cp) Learning has become easier for you now, especially in the field of natural science and engineering, you absorb and retain information like a sponge and can mix and match theory and experience with much greater skill.


   72. (72)-Engineering (Teen Titans) (100cp) You're a master mechanic and an expert at building robots and other technological devices. You also have a fair bit of knowledge about hacking into computers.


   73. (73)-Orokin Tech (Warframe) (400cp) Few have ever reached the innovation and technological prowess of the Orokin Empire... their gold and ivory exteriors hiding minds as sharp as steel. Likewise, the golden trim of their technology hid an advancement that continues to elude the majority of the System to this day. It eludes you no longer, the secrets of Orokin technology present in your mind. You'll be capable of augmenting technology significantly, increasing its capabilities at the same time and granting a durability that will last millennia. Perhaps in time, the secrets of the Warframe creation process will be yours to covet and yours alone, basked in the light of science and superior intellect.


   74. (74)-An Order To Things (Gunnerkrigg Court) (800cp) You can understand how things fit together in abstract or practical ways. Understand how somebody lives (and where they would hide things) by how they set the items around their dwelling, deduce feelings from handwriting, grow a robot, decipher languages too complex for normal humans. Though things that you seek to make happen, rather than deduce where or how it happened, are much harder to pull off. You can see how someone else grew a robot but doing it yourself would take experimenting and progress, though these things move much faster than you.


   75. (75)-Arch-Magos (40k Redux) (500cp) Skill in using and repairing arcane technologies including Archeotech and Xenotech.


   76. (76)-Feel It Out (F.E.A.R.) (600cp) Your ability to understand machines and designs are more than just knowledge, and anyone who follows your work would know this well. You have a subtle psionic ability to 'understand' the machines and items that you physically touch, to the point where you can understand how it might work. More importantly, what you could do to also make it better. Naturally the more complex or esoteric the item is, the more drastically the time needed increases. But the more information you collect the more ideas and methods you can formulate to begin working.


   77. (77)-Damaged Microchip (Terminator) (800cp) While this looks like the damaged CPU from the first Terminator that Cyberdyne used to help build Skynet, it is actually a storage device. This contains information on just about everything that Skynet has ever produced. From the modified T-1 and small Hunter Killers, to the T3000 and Large Hunter Killer Tanks and Walkers. Even information on how to build an AI as advanced as Skynet is in here, along with Time Travel technology. The problem is, not only is the coding not understandable by the average computer, but the damage to it has eliminated some coding. Nothing vital to the schematics, but it is now even harder to piece the information together. It is unlikely to get all of the information out without 100 years of work


   78. (78)-What's This Do? (Titanfall) (200cp) The technology used in the frontier can be so complex and advanced it takes years for even the most brilliant minds to understand. Really now? That's good, you needed something to do after lunch today. Now, even if your in a dropship in the middle of a fire fight, you can decipher the inner workings of technology so long as you have the controls to scre- I mean analyze.


   79. (79)-Xenotechnology (STALKER) (400cp) You have a very technical mind and you've been able to apply your theoretical degree in physics to good use. You're able to incorporate artifacts and pieces of artifacts into any technological devices you may know how to build with a lot less spontaneous death and irradiation than you normally would. This allows you to build things like featherlight power armor, accelerated gauss rifles and other technological marvels.


   80. (80)-Technician/Core Competence (Spiral Knights) (600cp) [Technician] (200cp) The tech knights of the spiral order are experienced mechanics, but are often not as experienced in weapon usage. Only a few, known as Technicians, have quick thinking and bravery necessary to utilize their skills in combat situations. You are a prime example of this truth, having learnt to use your skills out in the field within the fires of combat. your skills range from making quick repairs to creating, maintaining, and even rapidly dismantling complex mechanical constructs, even something as complicated as a battlepod. Needless to say, your skill in disabling locks, deploying turrets for some much-needed suppressive firepower, repairing the armor of your squad mates, and the like are greatly appreciated by your squad mates and essential to survival within a world of machines. [Core Competence] (400cp) The Cradle is a dangerous place for the Spiral Order, and not only due to it's indigenous wildlife. There are too many unknowns, too many variables to be comfortable with. That is why it falls to people like you, One of the most naturally gifted researchers within the Order, to increase the odds of safety. Your attention to detail has increased dramatically, letting you pick out and recognize patterns in the construction and design of machinery much more quickly than others. Understanding these patterns has given you incredible insights into technology found in the Cadle and in the Gremlin bases, along with how it can compare and blend with technology of the Order you are so familiar with... and your own, which you are even more familiar with. When the Order finally reaches The Core, perhaps you will be one of the most likely members of it to unlock the secrets held within.


   81. (81)-Pagan Science (Senki Zesshou Symphogear) (600cp) You've managed to uncover some of the secrets of old, the very same knowledge that underlies 'Sakurai Theory', the theoretical basis of the Symphogear system. With this knowledge, many of the more mysterious functions of the Symphogears become clear. You can repair and install new functions into Symphogears, that manipulate existing features, like forcing a berserk state or tuning it to raise synchronization coefficients. What's more, your glimpses into Sakurai theory indicate some possibilities of inducing Human-Relic fusion, but to complete the theory you'll need an existing test subject...


   82. (82)-Fitting into a Mould: Scientist (Gravity Rush) (400cp) In a world where “magic” is essentially limited to a few, science is the only tool that can be used as an equalizer. So your job here in researching and developing new technology may be essentially what’s needed in order to keep humanity going. Well, that’s the motivation that sounds noble anyways. In practice, much of what you’re going to do here might be of more use to you than the common folk in Hekseville. For one thing you’ll be very well versed in Nevi adaptation technology by the end of your time here, as well as constructing technology necessary for the control and manipulation of gravity. Can’t say that won’t come in handy...considering both the Nevi and the Shifters are quite possibly the biggest threats to the city in the eyes of some.


   83. (83)-Hands of Icarus (Heaven's Lost Property) (100cp) You have an understanding of how to use the advanced technology of Synapse. While you're not sure of the 'how' or 'why' the device operates, you can operate any Synapse-made machinery with ease. Past this jump, you know how to use (though not how to make) any basic technological devices (point-and-click devices, guns, switches, etc.) you would otherwise require training or re-education for, no matter how alien or new it is to you.


3. Vehicles Domain (24 Perks)




   84. (84)-Fingers of Silver (Macross) (200cp) While other kids were building tinker-toy creations, you were fiddling with your dad's car and doing a better job than him. By purchasing this, meddling with machines and OverTechnology is as easy as breathing for you. By getting your hands on something, you can easily figure out how it works and how to copy its inner workings, provided that it wasn't just bullshit magic. The more advanced something is, the harder it may be... but with time and effort, you just might succeed.


   85. (85)-Techy (Code Geass) (200cp) From Knightmares to guns, you know how to build and improve Geass tech.


   86. (86)-Smart (Code Geass) (400cp) Boosts your ability to think quickly and boosts your IQ by 20points.While this does not grant any innate knowledge, you can potentially learn at three-times the speed as normal humans.


   87. (87)-A New Age of Warfare (Metal Gear Solid) (600cp) Metal Gear, a weapon capable of bringing an entire nation to its knees (in theory). Your engineering talents have extended to the point you can create these war machines, even automate them with AI, provided you have enough time and resources. With Box-tech you can apply these cutting-edge technologies to combat-ready gear, creating things like man-portable Railguns and Stealth Camo.


   88. (88)-Anaheim Degree (Gundam UC) (200cp) You have the knowledge (and the paper to prove it to people and shove in their faces to establish superiority) of how to build MS. It’s trickier than it looks, honestly. Weight balances, servo designs, energy reserves-it’s all down to a science and you know how to build the basics. Who knows what you can learn from a bit of hands-on training...


   89. (89)-I Like 'Em Big/Could Stand To Lose A Few Pounds (Gundam AGE) (400cp) [I Like 'em Big] (200cp) Your pace continues into your preferences in MS design-along with some basic knowledge of ‘Right, so I take this bolt out and everything falls to pieces without it. Don’t touch it.’ in your head, you can make upgrades to Mobile Suits that revolve around extra armoring and utility-making replacement parts cheaper and easier to install, reinforcing plates and glass, and generally making a unit tankier and sturdier. [Could Stand To Lose A Few Pounds] (200cp) When it’s out in the cold expanses of space (away from that damn plotradiation), nothing counts more to you than having a well-toned machine. With some basic knowledge of ‘Alright, I can’t make this any thinner or it snaps like stressed knockoff plastic’, you can make upgrades to Mobile Suits that shed crucial weight, making them faster, sleeker and more humanlike in motion-cutting what you can and generally making things more able to dodge, bob and weave.


   90. (90)-Mechanic (Fast and Furious) (100cp) Machines, especially ones that go fast, just speak to you. You have no problem fixing up and tuning any motor vehicle, and can rebuild them after the most devastating crashes. You can keep anything in top condition with just a few simple tools. Of course, you also need to understand the electronics, so hotwiring cars (and sometimes, alarm systems) is not a problem either.


   91. (91)-Valuable Memories (Big O) (300cp) You have knowledge related to any particular concept-the construction of Megadei, the nature of memories, Bigs, or the creation of chimeras. Paradigm will have a vested interest in you, and will protect you and provide you with funds if you work for them.


   92. (92)-The Good Doctor (Captain Harlock) (600cp) With enough time and materials, the greatest works of this day and age will all be by your hand. Refueling stations disguised as meteors, rapiers that double as laser guns, or even a ship as magnificent as the Arcadia – all these might bear your name. Where to get the materials, though?


   93. (93)-Technical Certainties (Ace Combat) (400cp) Some engineers are always second guessing themselves, sticking to maintenance of machines that others use. You're so sure of your skills that you're capable of altering fighter planes to great effect, making them noticeably better than they were fresh out of the factory. Upgrades will be easy provided you have resources, and your technical prowess will ensure your plane can serve whatever role you wish of it. You could even slave the controls of ground weapons to your computers, becoming a conductor of war from the skies. You might even be knowledgeable enough to build the next superweapon...


   94. (94)-Mechanical Genius (The Clone Wars) (600cp) You're the leading expert at designing droids and starships. Given the right resources you could create fully autonomous starfighters with built in hyperdrives, battle droids with cheap, stronger and longer lasting shields, hover tanks as fast as landspeeders, androids indistinguishable from organics, and combat droids capable of killing jedi.


   95. (95)-Always a Bigger Robot (Gurren Lagann) (600cp) The design and maintenance of epic machines is your specialty. You can figure out how to build starships measuring several kilometers long or devise a way to make a mountain sized mecha. You'll also have no problems getting past all the laws of physics that should make such creations impossible, perhaps Spiral Energy has something to do with it?


   96. (96)-MT/AC Engineering (Armored Core Classic) (800cp) [MT Engineering] (400cp) Theoretical and practical knowledge of MT design, construction and programming. Simpler machines than ACs and much more suitable for mass production, they're the workhorse of megascale construction and the backbone of security and military forces. Your skills could earn a pretty cushy job at any of the megas. Being giant robots, these need literal tons of material and lots of labor to make. You could contract out for construction, but the simplest use for this is to design MTs for some corp instead. Also, this perk alone doesn't make you good enough to design or build really top-of-the-line MTs, the kind that might rival ACs. [AC Engineering] (400cp) Like MT Engineering, but for ACs and any associated equipment, from weapons to radar systems. ACs are all built for combat. They're modular in design and thus very versatile, and their specs let an AC match a small army of average MTs in the hands of the right pilot


   97. (97)-Fine Tuning (Armored Core Classic) (100cp) A good mechanic can tune AC parts for better performance in specific areas. You're skilled at customizing them even further, at the cost of worsening some other characteristic; you can do things like modify boosters to use extra power for extra speed, or reinforce armor at the expense of added weight.


   98. (98)-Core Competence (Armored Core Classic) (900cp) !!Requires MT Engineering + AC Engineering; Fine Tuning!! You are one of the world's best mech engineers; the corporations would literally kill to have you on payroll. High-performance MTs that compete evenly with ACs are now feasible- these are a bit cheaper and simpler to build than ACs, at the cost of far less customizability. Or, with even more work- probably most of your time in this jump- you might even come up with some sort of next-gen AC that chumps fellow ACs the way ACs chump their MT predecessors. Just don't expect to walk away from the job easily... that non-compete clause is murder.


   99. (99)-Superweapons (G.I. Joe) (600cp) Your expertise covers the every growing market of weapons of mass destruction. Giant beam weapons that can teleport people everywhere to controlling the weather, if its meant to bring a city to its knees, you know about it. All of these devices however will take a massive expenditure of manpower and resources. Among rare elements that are the cornerstone of the device. Good thing you always know where to get them, good luck with getting past those giant worms!


   100. (100)-Tech Mastermind (Lost Planet) (600cp) You know the insides of almost every VS and the guts of all your weaponry, and can fix them up to full standard and even beyond basic stuff like patching armor-hell, weld 2 VS together, I’m sure you’ll make something great out of it. You also can make just about any sort of technology or weaponry VS-compatible, and you can-with much, much strife-do the difficult task of working on Harmonizer technology.


   101. (101)-Field Meister (Five Star Stories) (400cp) Ordinary Meisters have sponsors and workshops lined with tools and mortar headdscraps. After all, that’s their job –to build and tune the mortar he adds which form the backbone of literally every single army in the Joker Cluster. Naturally, they’re highly demanded –especially the ones who have made a name for themselves. You’re not quite there yet, but whereas others have fame, you have talent. While no one will say it to you outright, in reality a lot of people are rather envious of your abilities as a Meister. Perhaps your lack of obfuscating memories made it earlier for you to adapt to the necessary qualities to become one –but your potential as a Meister is so strong that you could  tune and repair a MH even in the middle of a battlefield with nothing other than a plasma torch and some scrap metal .Frankly, you could probably rig up a temporary workshop just with stray tools lying about –but it’s probably best not to tempt fate by setting up permanent shop in the middle of the battlefield!


   102. (102)-PT Theory/Alpha Documents (Super Robot Wars OG) (700cp) [PT theory 101] (100cp) You've been around robots long enough to know the basics behind their engineering, at least in regards to the structure and reasoning behind the more common mechs, including the Earth Federation's standard Gespensts, and the TLI's Grungust Type 1: the example of the average Super Robot. Weapon knowledge also included in regards to both, which is basically ballistics and some small degree of beam weaponry. [Alpha Documents] (600cp) The whole kit-and-caboodle of the Earth Federation's current research, all in your head (or documented physically/digitally, your choice). Highlights include: the T-Link System to enhance psychic capability, the Black Hole Engine and the Gravicon system involve the manipulation of gravity for both energy and combat usage, the Tesla Drive: a device capable of enabling flight in battleships that can also be miniaturized to allow robots to fly, and the other systems and engineering for the Gespensts up to the MKIII "Alteisen" and MKIV "Weissreiter", the Huckebeins up to the Mark III, the Grungusts up to Type 3, and the Lion series models up to the Astelion.Of course some of this does require EOT resources, so you may be limited in what you can do when you don't have these resources, you might be able to substitute them with the right materials, given time and research.


   103. (103)-Titan Engineering (Titanfall) (100cp) Titans are incredibly complex machines, and due to the disposable nature of their use and production, and not designed for easy repair. You've got the deft touch though, and know exactly where to tweak and shore up the structure to keep it purring like it's fresh out of the drop pod for years.


   104. (104)-"Extensive Research Notes" (White Knight Chronicles) (1200cp) Not a modification to your Knight itself, no. This is instead a pile of research journals filled with numerous notes and schematics detailing the processes behind the creation and modification of Knights, Knight Weapons and Knight's Arcs. The journals mention an ancient school of magic used to craft these weapons of war, but it bears a heavy resemblance to another school that seems very familiar. . .


   105. (105)-Black Thumb (Mad Max) (100cp) You have the skills of an expert mechanic, able to keep vehicles running even in the most inhospitable conditions. Repairing and tuning up engines is your bread and butter, even while they’re still operating. You also have a feel for how to upgrade cars in more esoteric ways; hey, it takes skill to add that many spikes and not hurt the handling!


   106. (106)-Consummate Knowledge/Swiss Army Engineer (Ring of Red) (700cp) [Consummate Knowledge] (100cp) You know everything there is to know about repairing, maintaining, and fueling AFWs. This includes a working knowledge of diesel engines, pneumatic systems, ranged and melee weapon systems, among others. [Swiss Army Engineer] (600cp) Most AFWs are designed by whole teams of engineers spending months, if not years, getting all the complicated systems to work together just right. But you can do it all on your own. You know how to build all AFW types from the ground up and don't have to worry about all the tedious fine-tuning most do. With further research and some time, you're confident that you can incorporate weaponry from other Jumps, albeit in a grungy, era-appropriate way.


   107. (107)-Aerospace Engineering Makes Things Go Fast (Kerbal Space Program) (100cp) You have an intuitive grasp on the mechanics of wind-flow, material sciences, atmospheric drag, tensile strengths, rocketry, so on and so forth, and how it applies to the art of designing vehicles that traverse the sky and space.


4. Production Speed Domain (12 Perks)


   108. (108)-Don't Need A Team (Ace Combat) (100cp) Fighter planes are pretty complicated machines, and more often than not you need a whole crew to maintain them so that they don’t break down in the middle of a fight and doom the pilot. You know your plane well enough to circumvent this issue. You've got just the right idea on what needs tuning up and what needs fixing, along with having the speed to be able to fix a plane up by yourself without the need for a crew in a fraction of the time. Performance issues are a thing of the past for you.


   109. (109)-One-Man Assembly Line (XCOM) (600cp) You really liked playing with building blocks as a kid. Now that you're all grown up, the world is your playground. Your knowledge of construction and engineering is unprecedented, and making a jet engine from spare parts over a weekend is your idea of fun.


   110. (110)-Machinist (Gargoyles) (200cp) You are an expert mechanic. You can rebuild and improve a helicopter in 12 hours or create a functional motorcycle from spare parts. If honed, this ability will let you make nearly anything from incredibly advanced robots to nanite swarms in only a few months’ time.


   111. (111)-Most Holy Order of the Socket Wrench (Fast and Furious) (400cp) You are a master mechanic. Repair and upkeep is nice, but you can go beyond the impossible and improve any vehicle. Take a van and make it beat a supercar? Put NOS injectors on a bicycle (and make it work)? How about something challenging? And anything you can build up you can tear down, too. You're a one-man chop shop and wiring a car to explode takes but a few moments and some chicken wire.


   112. (112)-We Need Reserves/Special Attention (Gundam AGE) (800cp) [We Need Reserves] (400cp) When you’re fighting a war, you know what you need-you need troops, you need squadrons; you need a fully-armed army. You can’t fight a war without numbers, and so you can modify designs to give you just that-numbers. Your MS production capability will multiply to near 4x levels, with only a negligible decrease in quality. You can also, with time and patience, apply this design philosophy to other products. [Special Attention] (400cp) When you’re fighting a war, you know what you need-you need guardians, you need shields; you need a well-armed force. You can’t fight a war with a thousand scratches, and so you can modify designs to increase individual performance and quality-the biggest boon is that this only negligibly increases production times or costs, at the benefit of having much higher quality Mobile Suits. And you can apply this to other designs as well, with time.


   113. (113)-Savvy Sultan (Macross) (400cp) When people think of building things, they think of you. Provided you had the resources and the understanding of the technology, you could construct all manners of machines in a fourth of the time it would normally take. By yourself. You're no slouch with any of your tools either, wielding them with the precision of a machine with no loss of speed. Quality and a deadline? No problem.


   114. (114)-Shipping the Product (F.E.A.R.) (400cp) Prototypes are one thing, but what about actually getting the damn thing distributed? An item or weapon doesn't help anyone if it's the only one of its kind. You will find your ability to create has increased dramatically in efficiency, letting you use the materials for three of the same items to actually make five while streamlining production lines rather quickly. As a bonus, logistics have increased enough where your shipped supplies are harder to intercept, keeping any allies you have fresh with resources!


   115. (115)-Build Rome (Gundam: After Colony) (600cp) You have a thing about building things-you’re damn fast, and you’re damn good. They say you can’t build 10Mobile Suits in a week? Hah! You’ll build twice that much and you’ll build them to last! You simply have utter talent in the way of making things quickly-enough to double production, maybe even triple production if you work at it enough, and they’ll come out with no loss of quality. In addition, these constructions will last-barring sudden disaster and similar, they’ll easily last several decades of constant abuse, and if they’re upkept and repaired they could even last centuries with no troubles.


   116. (116)-Workaholic (Sonic) (300cp) Sometimes you wonder how some geniuses are able to build entire armadas within days or weeks of their last defeat. You become a walking factory of production. Building in masse is something that comes without issue to you. That one bot that took a week to build? Now that one bot is now 5. Or roughly 3x the size it was before. How do you even have the resources to build so much you say? The hell if I know.


   117. (117)-Researcher (Age of Mythology) (400cp) You are far faster at designing and discovering new technologies. Inspiration and breakthroughs hit you far more often


   118. (118)-Scientist: Machinery/Strong Spark (Girl Genius) (700cp) [Scientist] (100cp) You have a DOCTORATE! And skill in ACTUAL SCIENCE! That doesn’t need you to go crazy to work! Admittedly, it won’t break the fabric of space and time, but meh. Tradeoffs everywhere you go. You’re highly trained in one field, and can easily apply its principles to your work. After all, building a crazed abomination upon the natural order usually requires at least a smidgen of understanding of which bones are supposed to go where (Even if you end up changing them around a little). At the very least, you’re also in the genius range of standard intelligence. [Strong Spark] (600cp) Rather than having a weak Spark (Like a PEASANT who took the “Spark” Perk, which this is incompatible with) you have an extremely powerful one. You don’t limit your scientific explorations to a single topic, but are a master of anything that meets your eye (well, at least once you’re in the Madness Place). You go further and farther than almost anyone, and when you get working, you quickly stop caring about things like “fundamental laws” and “nature of the universe” and ... well, pretty much anything. Warping the fabric of reality is a pretty common thing. Unfortunately, it’s also significantly harder to get OUT of the Madness Place, and you get sidetracked pretty easily as well. Last week you were trying to get a stain out of your carpet, and woke up with an army of death-ray-wielding mice obedient to your commands! MWAHAHAHA. 


   119. (119)-Manufacturing Line (Valkyria Chronicles) (400cp) You've always been of the opinion that technology advanced too slowly before you arrived, but now you can apply that to the physical world as well! Any building process you oversee, whether it be the forging of a sword or an entire tank factory, will now produce results twice as fast and with half the required materials used.


5. Crafting Skills Domain (27 Perks)


   120. (120)-I Can Fix It! (Reborn) (300cp) Technology is a wonderful thing, and you discovered that long ago. You have a knack for Flame rings and machines of all kinds, and can fix or maintain most machines. You can even improve them to beyond their normal specs. Comes with its own toolbox.


   121. (121)-Engineer (Super Mario RPG) (300cp) You're more adept at coming up with novel and creative objects. Any blueprint can be held perfectly in your mind without needing to draw it on paper.


   122. (122)-Smith (Gothic) (300cp) You are professional smith with all the skills to craft any tool, weapon or armor. You even know the rare smelting and forging techniques needed to work with magical ore.


   123. (123)-Dwarven Craft (Lord of the Rings) (400cp) You are a master smith, able to singlehandedly run even a large forge. You can make weapons and armor that stand up to hundreds of years of continuous use, and even know how to mine and forge mystical metals such as Mithril.


   124. (124)-High-Frequency Manufacturer (Metal Gear Rising) (300cp) A blade launderer, huh? Anyways, you can now make HF blade out of anything you want. Depending on the original craftsmanship of the weapon, it could be good or shit. But if you picked this, you probably have something in mind. Must be a physical object. No lightsabers and the like. Yes blunt objects can become HF weapons. No, they can't cut. They only get stronger, and can resist other HF weapons.


   125. (125)-Bandit Gunsmith (Borderlands) (100cp) You have amazing technical insight and when shown to a pile of broken weapons or energy shields youcan use parts from some to reassemble others into decent condition. Don't expect it to be pretty, but you can nail 15 repeater pistols together to make a functional shotgun, or use bits of five shields to make one that works


   126. (126)-Smithing (Wakfu) (200cp) you know how to make weapons and armour from all sorts of raw materials. From scarabug wings to Blibli Tusks and Gobball hooves, you can turn just about anything you'd find in nature into genuine combat equipment! the more powerful the creature it came from, the stronger the equipment will be.


   127. (127)-Tempered Soul (Soul Calibur) (300cp) You gain a innate gift for forging high-quality weaponry. The weapons you create do not appear crude in any sense of the word, and in time your skill might cause your functional weaponry to be confused for elaborate display items.


   128. (128)-Blacksmithing (Golden Sun) (200cp) You gain understanding of Weyard blacksmithing. While skilled in smithing typical metals, you also learn how to use strange and magica lmaterials to forge powerful enchanted weapons, equipment, and artifacts. Power is decided by your personal skill, the magic of the material involved, and the quality of your forge. Items created with materials from Weyard typically require the user to be an adept to tap into their strength.


   129. (129)-Customized Weapons (XCOM) (100cp) You know that efficiency is number one, because waste is a thief. You know how to make the best designs better, and will ensure that the equipment in use is ergonomic, streamlined, and efficient.


   130. (130)-Weapon Crafting (Devil May Cry) (200cp) Alright, so you fancy yourself a weapons dealer, huh? Well now you know the ins and outs of every single tool made for killing that you get your crafty little hands on. Swords, handguns, axes, sniper rifles, spears, rocket launchers, it'll all come naturally to you, and you will be able to create these weapons or even improve them with your own custom designs. And to make it even a better deal, you know how to modify a weapon to have unlimited ammunition capability. So go nuts, buddy. You've earned it.


   131. (131)-Weapon Modifications (Archer) (100cp) You design and modify weapons with flair, creativity and skill.


   132. (132)-Techno: Armorer/Fixer/Weaponsmith (Light of Terra) (900cp) [Armourer] (300cp) A mental database containing information on the most common types of armour found in the Necromunda Hive and how to build, repair and maintain them. While this doesn't sound impressive, it is worth pointing out there are countless billions of people dwelling within the hive, and they have been here for millenia - the list of things counted as common at one time or another ranges from Power Armour in the distant past to the more common hammered metal plates made by local Gangers to the standard Imperial Guard Carapace Armour. Don't expect to start churning out Adetus Astartes Power Armour the second you get this though - the infrastructure to build the infrastructure to build the infrastructure to build the armour was lost to ruin a long time ago. There's a reason the Space Marinesuse suits thousands of years old. [Fixer] (300cp) This Schema contains a massive database filled with the countless bits of equipment the denizens of Necromunda Hive Primus have bought, found, built, stolen or obtained by other means over the centuries since the Hive was founded. Inexplicably it also seems to contain an extremely rare, extremely valuable and extremely heretical to own database detailing how to build and maintain Admech servitors and cybernetic parts. [Weaponsmith] (300cp) To weaponry what Armourer is to protective gear, this is a massive database of the various tools of mayhem the denizens of the Necromunda hive have wielded against each other. While the high tech equipment possible may seem nice, do not underestimate the value of low tech weaponry. Crafting a plasma pistol and crafting a bayonet require wildly different sets of skills, and all too often people who have one assume they have the other, to their chagrin.


   133. (133)-Labyrinth Creation (Fate/Extra) (600cp) The Moon Cell creates entire Reality Marbles to simulate each area in the Grail War, including the Lunar Seas where Servant Battles take place. While you're not able to replicate this incredible feat, you can being to create Lunar Sea like pockets of your own. While you can always decide the general theme to the dungeon and it's enemies, at first, these will be small dungeons, perhaps only a dozen rooms and connecting hallways, and filled with weak fodder that will only drop cheap items. As you grow more experienced, all these parameters will expand. Eventually you could create grand labyrinths with multiple floors and dozens of rooms a piece, enemies will grow in strength and their item drops will increase to match. You do not have any more control over this however, at most you may simply choose the general size and strength of each dungeon, nor will the enemies within ignore you.


   134. (134)-Craftsman (Dorf Fortress) (100cp) You gain the needed knowledge to perform a particular craft be it farming, cooking, leather working or so on. This Perk can be taken multiple times to better prepare you for what is to come.


   135. (135)-You Became A Star (Robot Unicorn Attack) (400cp) you've gained insight into the process of using rainbows to harness Unicornium without having it explode in your face. With it, you can build your own robot unicorns or other rainbow creatures. Once your initial adventure here concludes successfully you will be taught by an expert wishsmith on everything you might need to know to construct Wishes and design your own upgrades for them.


   136. (136)-Blacksmithing (World of Warcraft) (300cp) Smith various melee weapons, mail and plate armor, and other useful trade goods like skeleton keys, shield-spikes and weapon chains to prevent disarming. Blacksmiths can also make various stones to provide temporary physical buffs to weapons. Zen Master: At this level you've mastered everything from basics to advanced. Additionally you've expanded your knowledge of the profession beyond the mastery of both basics and advanced stuff to complete understanding of it. At this level you're on even playing field with top 1% of your profession. Should you write down your knowledge it would easily be considered a work of art in that field.




   137. (137)-Infinitely Customizable (Dead Space) (200cp) It's not that your guns are bad, by any stretch of the imagination, it's just that they could be so, so much better. And now you can actually do that. In this world, tools and weapons are aided by nano-scale circuitry, which leaves a lot of room for improvement, typically in the form of power nodes being welded into specific places to provide extra power to certain subsystems of the weapon, to increase power output, ammo count/efficiency, and even unlock special abilities, like setting enemies on fire, or exploding violently. As an added benefit, you also get the ability to break weapons and tools down into parts-specifically frames, tools, tips, accessories, and upgrade chips, see the Notes section for more information-and reconfigure them to your liking. You can even upgrade those parts individually using power nodes.


   138. (138)-Gunsmith (Alpha Protocol) (100cp) People always forget that all Guns need some sort of maintenance, thankfully unlike other people you know and can easily maintain as well repair most modern guns, and you also got a solid basis for learning how to maintain and repair or customize almost any gun that you can get your hands on, in fact your skill right now is good enough that you can at least ensure that whatever gun you clean up and maintain personally will never jam for whatever reason, who knows what you will be able to do in the future.


   139. (139)-Master Craftsman (Forgotten Realms) (300cp) You are exceptionally skilled at crafting things. At your worst, your results are masterwork.


   140. (140)-Smithing (Thundercats) (200cp) The ancient art of working with metal to forge weapons and armor. You know how to make beautiful equipment that can survive countless battles and you could even forge a legendary weapon if you dedicated enough time to it, although it'd probably take at least several years to complete.


   141. (141)-Blessing of Dundr (The Banner Saga) (400cp) You received the blessing of Dundr as he left the world, and received the boon of the god of smithing and knowledge. You gain godly talent in learning how to smith and can weave stories that capture and entertain people on equal footing of the greatest bards.


   142. (142)-Workshop Artisan (Bloodborne) (300cp) As if taught at the long gone workshop, you seem to possess knowledge and skill with many of their crafting techniques. You have been granted the knowledge and skills needed to both repair and even create your own Trick Weapons and Hunter's Tools. Trick Weapons are weapons with a variety of special abilities relating to their form. The most common type of Trick Weapons are those that can transform in some manner. An example being swords that can lock into specialized sheaths in order to become different weapons, sometimes radically so. Not to say transformation is the only ability, there are also melee weapons with guns attached, and maces that can be charged with unnatural blue electricity to deal massive damage. Hunter's Tools are pieces of equipment with special abilities activated by using Blood Bullets or Quicksilver Bullets as a medium. Hunter's Tools are usually supernatural items that have been made to work using a Blood/Quicksilver Bullet medium, such as the Beast Roar, a beast's claw that when activated, allows the wielder to roar like a beast. Some Hunter's Tools are completely manmade as well, though this is a relative minority. Basically, you now know how to convert things into being activated and powered by Blood Bullets and Quicksilver Bullets. Doing so allows anyone to use them, even if they are completely mundane beings, so long as they have the bullets mentioned above on their person. When making Hunter's Tools, remember that the more power something requires, the bullets the wielder will need. These skills granted to you may be honed over time, just as any other skill can.


   143. (143)-Fingers of the North Star (Cave Story) (200cp) You have a natural talent with machinery, and this extends to firearms creation. You can disassemble, analyze, and reassemble any projectile weapon you come across, and you have the ability to create unique, one of a kind guns that utilizes odd and esoteric technology. You also gain a free 'stamp' you can apply to any weapon you create, to show it's your work. Upgrading existing weapons is a breeze as well.


   144. (144)-Gadgetron License (Ratchet & Clank) (600cp) Okay, here we go. You know how to craft the various kinds of weapons and armors this jump is famous for. Anything from a blaster all the way up to a RYNO, you have a pretty good idea how to invent, make and maintain. Not just gadgetron, but megacorp tech is also fair game. You know it all, just please use this information responsibly. It’s pretty crazy.


   145. (145)-Crystal Metallurgy (Final Fantasy XIV) (400cp) You figure that it would only be a matter of time until somebody attempted to forge a suit of armor out of crystal. Frankly, with the materials available and the tools there, it's more of a surprise that it hasn't happened already. Of course when you actually try it, you'll realize why -the magic surrounding the crystals is simply too strong to be forged using traditional means. But if traditional means won't work, that just tells you that you need to employ more esoteric means of forging. Forging not with traditional fire, but with the concentrated essence of Aether and fire crystals, you can bring to life a suit of armor with crystal alone -retaining its Aether collecting properties, and magnifying the effects of spells all around it. Perhaps with time, you might be able to make golems with this...


   146. (146)-The Arcane Craft (Sword and Sorcery) (300cp) As much as you might look down upon brutes and barbarians who know only how to break bone and spill blood, you and the warriors of this land have one thing in common. You require the tools of your trade. You know all the methods and ways to bind arcane and mysterious forces into physical vessels. Rings, staves, talismans, warded stone towers, and even more. These items allow the channeling of such forces to work your will, capturing, bending, and shaping the worlds invisible tides to enable works of sorcery and occult splendor. The strength of these items and their effects rely on your skill, knowledge, and power. Of course should you yourself be a font of such forces from your varied lives then you would be surely capable of building the focuses and talismans to augment and amplify your power. The world rewards men for diligent labor. It would behoove you to refine this art to get everything you can out of it. This also includes the skill to use such items, even those not made by your hand should you have the ability to reveal their secrets.


6. Clothing Domain (15 Perks)


   147. (147)-Talented: Tailoring (Inukami) (100cp) You are an expert at any non-combat related skill. Cooking? You can make a five star meal with low rate ingredients.


   148. (148)-Tailoring/Life Fibers (Kill la Kill) (700cp) [Tailor] (300cp) You have the knowledge of how to safely work with life fibers, and how to make them into clothing that empowers (or inhibits) the wearer. In addition, because you know how Life Fiber uniforms work, you know their weak spots better than anyone. [Life Fibers] (400cp) A medium-sized spool of Life Fiber. It's only enough to maybe make a pair of gloves out of, but with the proper knowledge, one could create Goku Uniforms- Or enhance existing articles of clothing to be like Goku Uniforms. One spool of thread is enough to make several one-star outfits, three two-star outfits, or a single three-star outfit, assuming you have the knowledge of how to work with Life Fibers.


   149. (149)-Garment Gloves (Dodgeball) (200cp) These are a pair of pure white gloves. Bound to them is an intelligence with a mind for fashion: a designer, seamstress, clothier, and tailor without mortal peer. It has the ability to scry for fashion based information­ from international trends to precise measurements. Given materials and orders, it will industriously produce fine apparel, producing any modifications, clothing, footwear, accessories, etc that is within theoretical mortal ability. It has sufficient telekinesis to move itself and to independently suspend materials. It must be provided with materials, though it may be provided a lump sum or budget with which to magically acquire materials at cost. You may wear the gloves to channel the skills (but not powers) of the entity, perhaps even learning from it.


   150. (150)-Sea Snail Shells (Splatoon) (300cp) You have a small breeding population of around 10 Super Sea Snails, large snails with crystalline, conical shells. The snails are hermaphroditic but and they live for around 15 years. They're more than they seem, though-they provide an invaluable service- Their shells can be used to imbue hats, shirts, and pairs of shoes with extra Ability Slots, or reroll the abilities of a clothing item with 3 full slots. This kills the Sea Snail, but if you're careful to keep up the population then eventually you might have an entire wardrobe of 3-slot clothing. Also, they're delicious when cooked right.


   151. (151)-Secular Skills (Red Dwarf) (200cp) Through growing up in a society in which religion tried to stem the natural instincts of the cat people towards vanity and good looks, you learned to craft amazing clothes and outfits from the most base materials and tools, and don’t worry they all will look fantastic.


   152. (152)-Profession: Tailoring (World of Warcraft) (300cp) Sew cloth armor and many kinds of bags using dye, thread and cloth gathered from humanoid enemies during your travels. Tailors can also fashion nets to slow enemies with, rideable flying carpets, and magical threads which empower items they are stitched into. Zen Master: At this level you've mastered everything from basics to advanced. Additionally you've expanded your knowledge of the profession beyond the mastery of both basics and advanced stuff to complete understanding of it. At this level you're on even playing field with top 1% of your profession. Should you write down your knowledge it would easily be considered a work of art in that field.


   153. (153)-Fashion Nonvictim (The World Ends With You) (200cp) For you, there is no such thing as suffering for the sake of fashion. As long as you wear fashionable clothing, you will always be perfectly comfortable no matter the weather. You can make ill-fitting clothing look good on you with a couple subtle pins in the right places, and it'll always be comfortable no matter how big or small it is. Even in the thick of battle, you will be no worse off for your lack of armor- So long as you wear a single piece of armor, like a shoulderpad or gauntlet, your clothes will protect you as if they were a suit of armor made of the same material.


   154. (154)-Fashion (High School of the Dead) (200cp) Your clothing and entire body acquire defensive properties equal to the most superior protective items you have currently equipped. Emphasis on protective item­ an iron or steel ring won’t give you metal­tough skin­ the minimum is things like knee pads from extreme sports, helmets­ even an apron would count, though all that’d do is protect you from the dangers of a kitchen...


   155. (155)-Juggernaut (Terraria) (200cp) Your armor is a lot more effective at doing what it does just by the sheer virtue of it being latched onto and wrapped around your fleshy bits. Not to get too far into the math of it, your armor is about half-again more effective than it would be otherwise.


   156. (156)-Avid Glove (Fallen London) (100cp) A miracle of surgery and tailoring, though it may bite any hands shaken. Who can say no to another set of eyes and fingers?


   157. (157)-Coordinated Outfits (Kingdom of Loathing) (200cp) It seems that having a theme to your clothing has increased its power. Either that or everyone’s crazy about your sharp outfit.


   158. (158)-The Flock's Fleece (Actraiser) (400cp) Men and women have not wandered the wilds naked since the long-gone days of the Garden. Whether they knew it or not, the act of clothing oneself is one that atonce protects and isolates. A shirt or a robe is a metaphorical armor against the elements, against shame and against the prying eyes of others. You are such a skilled craftsman that you can take the 'metaphorical' part out of the equation. You're a one-person clothing creator and tailor, able to take the raw materials of silk, cotton, wool and hide...and then with almost no tools produce wondrous clothing, fitted just right for anyone who dares try the garments on. They're protective vestments against the harsh elements, able to keep people in comfortable condition be they in the deserts of Kasandora or the icy plains of Northwall. Not only that, but people who wear them find that they'll be kept safer from the claws of beasts or the swords of their enemies, acting as a light chain-mail mesh despite being softand maneuverable fabric.


   159. (159)-Putting On The Reich (Indiana Jones) (200cp) They may fear your tenacity. They may hate your cause. They may even oppose your beliefs. But one thing remains constant: A begrudging respect for the aura of organization and sharpness you give off. You have an excellent sense of how to design uniforms that not only are intimidating and show the power of your group, but are also fashionable and make your group look organized, official in a way. It's time to show them who's Boss.


   160. (160)-Tailor Made (Skullduggery Pleasant) (200cp) You have the knowledge of how to weave magic into clothes, making them incredibly durable and protective. They're capable of protecting the wearer from most things, including bullets, knives, magic, extreme heat, and large amounts of blunt-force trauma. They also look damn stylish.


   161. (161)-Requiem of Souls/Weaver/Silk Spinning (Jade Cocoon) (500cp) [Requiem of souls] (200cp) You have been taught the sacred song of the Cocoon Masters, which allows you to soothe a Minion's raging heart. By playing this song to a weakened monster, you can capture it inside of an empty cocoon. The more damaged the creature is, and the more skillful your playing, the more likely you are to capture it. You can play the song again to release them, but by itself the Requiem will not make them loyal to you. This gives you basic proficiency in a musical instrument of your choice. [Weave] (100cp) You are now an expert weaver. Doesn't sound like much, right? Remember that the silk spun from magical creatures' cocoons was so beautiful that King Karis murdered his own son over it. They have some REALLY good silk here in Parel is what I'm saying, and you are a master of working with it. [silk spinning] (200cp) With a prayer to Elhrim, you can purify a Firefly Cocoon (a cocoon filled with a monster using the Requiem of Souls perk above) and spin it into silk. This kills the monster but produces truly breathtaking silk. The stronger the monster, the better quality of silk is produced. The strongest Minions could produce silk fit for a god. Who knows what you could make from the monsters you might find out there on distant worlds?


7. Magic Domain (35 Perks)


   162. (162)-Talisman Adept (Inukami) (300cp) You are very skilled at using talismans. What that means is you can make them have different properties (like light or sound) and with enough time and training you can make with enough time and training you can make truly devastating effects. You are much better at using talismans and can give them properties of what shape they are in. Shaped like a frog? These talismans can bounce towards their intended target.


   163. (163)-Elven Enchantment (Lord of the Rings) (500cp) You can enchant objects, if you pour energy into them as they are created. Some of your enchantments are useful in battle, such as swords that never dull and bows that always strike true, but most are simply to ease the life of the wearer, such as cloaks that weigh nothing and aid in hiding and water-flasks that never leak. You may also perform great workings, such as the creation of hidden doorways, given time.


   164. (164)-Infusionist (Monster Hunter) (600cp) The ability to infuse items with abilities, Usually Elemental abilities. How good the infused ability depends on the quality and use of the item.


   165. (165)-Maliwan Intern (Borderlands) (200cp) At some point, you got lucky and figured out how Elemental Weapons really work. You know how to use them to best effect, allowing you to set enemies on fire regularly, melt people with acid bullets, and have ALL kinds of shocking adventures with electrical ammo. If you have any technical training, you can even jury-rig ways to apply elementa leffects to other weapons, as well.


   166. (166)-Enchantment? (Dragon Age) (400cp) That's odd, you seem to understand the process of inscribing lyrium runes on items, to add or enhance properties. Without lyrium, enchantments are temporary.


   167. (167)-Lesser Magicks (Lone Wolf) (700cp) These are the beginning magicks of the Shianti. ShiantiOrigin who select this ability can choose four skills off of this list after paying the cost of the perk. Non ShiantiOrigin can choose three after paying the cost. Additional skills are 100CP per skill beyond the number allotted by your. Using the Moonstone will enhance the strength and utility of spells from these disciplines. Sorcery–This power allows a wizard to transform his thoughts and desires into magical energy. Focusing your energies will allow you to create magical shields or move objects. Enchantment–Enchantment enables a wizard to charm or beguile other creatures, and create illusions in the minds of others. Elementalism–Minor control over the natural elements of Air, Fire, Earth, and Water. Using this ability requires a trance state. Also, spirits of the Elemental Plane may not understand your request and might answer your call for aid in the manner you did not intend. Alchemy–The ability to create potions and solutions to effect objects and individuals. Prophecy–Through the use of a meditative state, a wizard can foretell the future. The clarity of the foretelling is tied to the wizard’s knowledge of the object or individual in question. Asking about someone or something you know will give more detail than someone or something unknown. Psychomancy–The ability to see and read the past by laying hands on an object. Results may be cryptic, and magic can be used to create intentionally misleading results. Evocation–The ability to contact the spirit realm and speak with the dead. Spirits communed with may be hostile, requiring the wizard to ward himself, and spirits will require the wizard to perform a task in exchange for any aid rendered. Failing to accomplish the agreed upon task may result in the wizard losing his life.


   168. (168)-Profession: Enchanting (World of Warcraft) (300cp) Imbue all manner of equitable items with magical properties and enhancements using dusts, essences and shards gained by disenchanting (breaking down) magical items that are no longer useful. Enchanters can also make a few low-level wands, as well as oils that can be applied to weapons providing a temporary magical buff. You also have the ability to create “Inscriptions” which act as enchantments for your skills & abilities. Zen Master: At this level you've mastered everything from basics to advanced. Additionally you've expanded your knowledge of the profession beyond the mastery of both basics and advanced stuff to complete understanding of it. At this level you're on even playing field with top 1% of your profession. Should you write down your knowledge it would easily be considered a work of art in that field.


   169. (169)-Solar Harnessing (Mysterious Cities of Gold) (400cp) You can construct articles of technology that harness the power of the sun for their functions or upgrade existing devices to do so. Man-portable weapons should be a breeze, but larger constructions will take more time and effort.


   170. (170)-Moon Orb (Dark Cloud) (300cp) The core of the proposed Moon Giant project, it radiates a significant amount of energy, and appears to harvest energy from the light of the moon. Expose to sufficient light -and it'll charge up like a battery, enough to power large automatons for a substantially long amount of time. Well, you could also use it as a night light...but is that a really good way to use it?


   171. (171)-Ars Magus Creation/Armagus Creation (Blazblue) (400cp) [Ars Magus Creation] (100cp) You have basic education in the creation and modification of Ars Magus. You understand how they work and how to create non-combat Grimoires, though you require time and resources in order to do so. [Armagus Creation] (300cp) You have advanced education in the creation and modification of Ars Armagus. Armagus on the whole are dangerous and unstable weapons if they're used by someone who doesn't know what they're doing, and creating them is no less dangerous because even one glimpse into the Boundary is enough to shred a man's sanity permanently. However, anything you make will invariably be better than anything you can buy in a store or on the black market.


   172. (172)-Celestial Technology (Darksiders) (400cp) Though they are not makers, the angels are a force of creation. this perk grants you their knowledge in supernatural technology they use. Holy armor, lances that shoot beams of light and all manner of technology that repels darkness and creatures of evil. You also become more skilled in the use of holy weapons.


   173. (173)-Maker's Prodigy/Maker (Darksiders) (1800cp) [Maker's Prodigy] (600cp) The makers decide to teach you the ways of creation and you may choose to become their pupil, they will teach you how to create magical artifacts, imbue places and objects with power and even how to create magical constructs with sentience. Regardless if you spend the time learning from them or not, you will find you learn future skills related to creation, enchantment and forging will come to you as if they were second nature, waiting to be remembered. [Maker] (1200cp) You gain an alternate form of a maker, broad, immensely strong and around 12 feet tall. You also gain supernatural powers of creation, able to make impossible things from practically nothing. Though it may take many years of practice, you will be able to master the art of crafting life from clay, Forge magic spells from ideas of the mind, and matter from nothing. Creator's spark: If you ascend and receive a Planeswalkers spark, you will find your knowledge of crafting ectends unto the impossible and the laws of reality. You may eventually create new worlds from the void and forge new forces such as a unique form of magic or entropy as you create the new plane.


   174. (174)-Crafting (Geneforge) (300cp) There are various things that can only be created through the use of essence and hard work. Shaped equipment, puresteel, certain complicated tools and devices, and certain materials used in enchanting. You can work all of them, producing high quality goods from basic ore and hard work.


   175. (175)-Glyph Magic (Thief) (600cp) You've been trained in the secret art of glyph magic. By writing it down on a surface you can activate the magic. Eventually your skill might grow to the point where you can "draw" in the air. There are Battle Glyphs that are utilized in battle, such as attacking or for defensive purposes like invisibility. Utility Glyphs allow you to augment something, such as augmenting a statue with animation, or closing another glyph. Stationary Glyphsare permanent they allow things like locking a door, or a chair to the ground, or perhaps even opening a secret door. These are just some the possibilities that were presented in the games, but perhaps you will find creative uses for all these glyphs. Additionally you’ve been granted the secrets of the transformation glyphs used for “Glyph Enhanced” perk, allowing you to enhance those that serve under you


   176. (176)-Soul Smith (Dark Souls) (300cp) Well for one, this makes you a pretty good blacksmith with an emphasis on repair, able to repair most normal weapons, armor and trinkets with the right materials and a bit of time. You're also pretty good at forging and upgrading normal weapons and armor. There is more to this craft than you would first think, as Smiths in this world are capable of several unique acts .In this land, smiths can use special stones to imbue weapons with various types of power, such as Fire or Lightning, during the forging process. Given enough time and practice, they can even forge powerful souls into their handiwork to create unique and often times powerful equipment. While this skill doesn't make you the best in the world at this craft, it gives you a solid foundation with room to improve.


   177. (177)-Universally Upgradeable (Dead Space) (400cp) -Actually called 'Modular Designs'- It's always easier to make better things from better materials, and your knowledge of far-future engineering is top-notch, meaning that all of the things you make are all that much better for it. Aside from being able to upgrade parts, tools, and weapons further, and make better base parts for tools and weapons, you can apply the bonuses of Infinitely Customizable to things other than tools and weapons, breaking anything down into classes of modular parts and swapping them around to your heart's content. This nearly obviates every part of the process of retro-fitting older creations with newer parts, aside from the actual manual labor and time.


   178. (178)-Magic: Enchanting (Samurai Jack) (200cp) You can grant magical properties to weapons by marking them with ancient runes. Right now you only know how to give weapons elemental properties, but you can learn more enchantments by studying other enchanted and magical weapons.


   179. (179)-Transcendence (Ragnarok Online) (200cp) Transcendence, the act of rebirth, allows for the expansion from second job upwards to yet another profession above that. Each class has its own transcendent class, as seen in the table below. Furthermore however, the act of transcendence carries its own effects. The Mastersmith can socket items –allowing him to add “slots” where modifications can be implemented onto items. While intended for cards, these can be used for other modifications which need slots if need be.(but effectiveness may be reduced)


   180. (180)-Artifice (Avernum) (300cp) You have a gift for the creation of powerful magical items. As True Artifacts their magic won't ever run out, or at the very least won't run out for a very long time. What you can make is limited to your knowledge, your imagination, and your resources.


   181. (181)-Minor Enchantment (Gunnerkrigg Court) (200cp) Make boots that will always fit or makeups that change to your whims. These magical tricks have a very wide range of applications but will generally not be on a very grand scale; though the utility from walking on walls is not to be denied.


   182. (182)-Blood Artisan Plus (Bloodborne) (600cp) You have been granted an experienced artisan's knowledge on crafting things out of blood. This is basically an overall improved version of Blood Artisan, allowing you to craft more potent Blood Vials, larger Blood Stones and even Blood Gems. Blood Gems are supernatural gems formed from blood that can be slotted into weapons to give them a variety of special abilities. Some Blood Gems can make an edge sharper, or a tip pointer. Other gems can bathe a weapon in fire, poison or electricity to make them more effective against certain enemies. Some gems can even increase your strength or dexterity while wielding the weapon it's slotted in. Their magical powers can be stacked, to an extent at least. This means you may slot up to three different Blood Gems in the same weapon, though no more. Blood Gems can be slotted and removed with special equipment.


   183. (183)-Weapon Absorption (Dark Cloud) (200cp) Were the Moon People the ones who developed weapons as they exist in the world today? Perhaps, with their technological expertise, they tampered with such things -but we may well never know. Your weapons modified with this will adapt the concept of "experience", allowing them to grow as more enemies are defeated with them. As more enemies are defeated, you can absorb other weapons into the base template -improving the qualities of the original weapon.


   184. (184)-Weapon Synthesis (Dark Cloud) (600cp) By now, you've probably come to realize that the weapons in this world are quite peculiar. We're not talking about the Slingshot that speaks to you by the way, the Fairy King had a hand in that one. How does one crystallize a weapon? We're honestly not quite sure, though the magicseems to be consistent with the Atlamillia's properties. The crystals are surely a handy way to store the weapons -but you can also use them to merge into other inanimate objects, passing down a single property of the crystallized weapon as it were.


   185. (185)-Device Meister (Lyrical Nanoha) (600cp) This is the real treasure of the TSAB’s technological capabilities - mixing the use of magic and technology inorder to create Devices that can channel the energy outwards. You have a complete knowledge of how to build and maintain Devices, along with how to program AI for said Devices to use. While you can construct most Devices and similar items presented here, the ability to make Unison Devices isn’t included here - you’ll have to learn that one on your own, and many have tried and failed to do so in the past. You could, with some experimentation, combine different magical systems into Devices together, especially with the help of ‘SimilarPrinciples’ to streamline the process...it will take some trial and error, but you could apply these principles and Devices to other systems if you work at it enough.


   186. (186)-Glove of the East (Binbougami ga) (300cp) This hand of mine glows with an awesome power! It's burning gri-... oh! Sorry, wrong show. This single glove comes in any color and style, and is actually quite useful! You can channel your spiritual energies through it to help you with mundane tasks; your cooking might turn out excellent, cleaning takes less work for better results, and massages work WONDERS when you hit those points. If you channel a LOT of spiritual energy, you might even imbue items and equipment to improve them and be more receptive to your spiritual/chi powers! Heart symbol optional.


   187. (187)-Synchronicity Event (F.E.A.R.) (300cp) !!Requires Feel It Out!! Curiouser and curiouser. Due to coming into contact with... well, SOMETHING, your psionic abilities have noticeably increased. Psychic powers you may have had are stronger now, with control and development coming more quickly with practice. There is also a boon to this; by taking a few days to 'attune' a person, you may impart upon them the beginning of psionic abilities of their own. You may only gift one school at a time, and they start at the very beginning; if they are to grow and learn as you have, it would be wise to teach them. On the plus side, they’ll eventually become as strong as you are, so you’ll have quite the pupil on your hands.


   188. (188)-That Undefinable Thing (Tales of Symphonia) (300cp) Even if you can't describe it, you can still manipulate it. You can now make physical tools and containers for souls, as well as gaining the knowledge of how to use the soul as a power source for magic, machinery, and living bodies. Given proper resources (raw souls), you can create Exspheres and Key Crests­ which can then power the things mentioned in your place .Anything powered by their user’s soul is known intimately to them, inhabited by the soul the same way a body is inhabited by a soul. It becomes in all ways an extension of the self, for good or ill. While the soul is infinite, it can be diminished and grown. Take care.


   189. (189)-Magitek Mastery (Final Fantasy VI) (600cp) In essence, magitek is simply the use of magical energies as a power and fuel source for technology. Your understanding of that outstrips anyone else, and you can now apply this principle to any technology you own. By altering your devices to use something magical in nature, such as a magicite stone, an enchanted item, or just raw magical energy, you can enhance it in every single way and give it unique properties. A suit of armor would become much harder, lighter, and more agile than before, perhaps even boosting the physical abilities of the wearer in line with the magical power source. From there, the armor could make more esoteric uses of the magic, such as casting spells on its own based around the sort of magic infused into it automatically or at the wearer's prompting. This isn't some measly effect restricted to the mundane or basic, no, magic can infused into any sort of technological device to enhance its functionality and give it a partially magical nature and powers. Even life may be infused with magitek technology like this, not only as cybernetics but directly as well. In this situation, it behaves a bit differently. The magic integrates itself into their body, becoming a natural part of them, allowing them access to that magic system and enhancing them physically, but they must grow into it. They start at a much weaker level, where they have to practice and develop their connection to this magic to realize it fully. There's no upper limit to them beyond what the magic's system is capable of, but it can take time, and you can instead choose to infuse living things with a larger amount of magic to grant them greater magical ability much more quickly. Unfortunately, this can have dangerous side effects, as giving them too much to handle at once can lead to mental instability or even insanity, the severity rapidly scaling upwards the more initial energy put in.


   190. (190)-Inner Linings (Final Fantasy XIV) (100cp) A customer came to you one day with a strange request for you to make a leather jacket which would be thinner, enough so that it would take multiple jackets to equal the bulk and weight of a normal jacket. As strange as that request was, when you watched him enchant the various jackets it suddenly made sense. Instead of trying to enchant a single jacket multiple times, he would wear multiple jackets enchanted once. But you can improve on that idea. Instead of attempting to craft multiple thinner jackets, you’ve opened up inner linings in existing pieces of work. As you predicted, while the ease of stacking enchantments has gone up, the overall durability of the item has dropped by a bit. Perhaps with time and better materials, you could rectify the second point. Having so many inner linings also helps quite a bit when it comes to deeper pockets, which is a nice side effect


   191. (191)-Material Hybridization (Final Fantasy XIV) (400cp) Hybrid materials are the newest and hippest thing to come to Eorzea, since the presence of stolen Garlean magitek technology showed up. Now Alchemists all over Eorzea have been experimenting with this stolen technology, trying to reverse engineer the material and fundamentals behind the creation of such things. A worthy venture, and one from which you've perfected the art of making hybrid materials. Not a matter of making alloys, but making ores and fabrics enchanted with the elements, creating resources fundamentally tied with the Aether. firemetal, watermetal, the hybridization is limited only by the complexity of the element, and the nature of the material. You can't expect to succeed every time, but you'll never succeed if you don't try.


   192. (192)-Self-Made Shopkeeper (Recettear) (600cp) On the quest to stock your shop with truly unique wares, you've learned a skill to fuse items, on a level that no mere shopkeeper could manage by themselves. Anybody can sell a pineapple or a banana, but only you can sell a pinenana! Ok fine, it's actually not that simple. The Fusion spell taught to you works well on items which have the same inherent properties, in the case of two fruits, or two swords, and so forth. Shopkeepers can rejoice that the value of the final product is the additive sum of both ingredients, but only one item can serve as a base, while the other item is consumed. That pineapple that I used as a base for demonstration...well now it can be peeled like a banana. That's handy, right? For any item that this is applied to, it will retain a single trait from the sacrificed item. It's almost as if you were breeding items. On second thought that probably isn’t the best comparison to be making.


   193. (193)-Artificer (Masters of Magic) (200cp) You begin the game already knowing the magics to create enchanted items (other wizards can eventually acquire them) and artifacts. Additionally, these items cost half as much for you to make, and take half the time. This allows you to equip heros you hire in the early game. In future jumps, this will provide a slight boost to the creation time and a reduction to the creation cost of magical items


   194. (194)-Atlantean Power Crystals (Shivers) (400cp) Originally discovered by noted psychic Edward Layce, these shining golden gems draw power from the limitless energy from the Sun. When properly harnessed, these crystals can provide enough energy to power an entire city, and if more could be produced, perhaps even a civilization. But be wary, for Atlantis itself once relied on these crystals, and their misuse directly led to that ancient city sinking beneath the waves.


   195. (195)-Augment Blade System (Dark Cloud 2) (200cp) A warrior needs a trusty weapon, and with blacksmiths in short supply, it seems that most people have taken to modifying and improving their own equipment. The main technique the survivors in this world seem to use allows weapons to grow as individuals might –learning from experience gained in live combat. For as long as you continue to wield a weapon and use it, it will grow in terms of all its basic qualities, including traits like durability, strength, and ease of use. Should you switch weapons or pass your weapon on to another, the growth will stop until you pick that weapon back up again to focus on it. However, it will retain any experience it has already accumulated, so there’s no worry of your work being lost over time.


   196. (196)-Heretical Adaptation (Senki Zesshou Symphogear) (200cp) Symphogears are, in essence, a Relic adapted into a combat system for it's ability to generate massive amounts of energy that can be formatted into a certain kind of matter through a generic mass-energy converter. However, they also have the ability to 'evolve' overtime, gaining additional armor and improvements to features such as onboard thrusters. With a bit of study, it might be possible to apply this adaptive behavior to other materials, encouraging them to improve themselves over time.


8. Quality Domain (34 Perks)


   197. (197)-Craftsman of the Gods (Viking Saga) (600cp) Things you make yourself from base components gain properties far beyond what they should. Belts that increase strength several times over or a spear that never misses are well within your skill, and you will only get better.


   198. (198)-Expert Smithing (Ragnarok Online) (400cp) It’s not just about creating the sharpest blade anymore. Improved items now have “affixes” on them based on how many times they’ve been improved. Each level will be tougher than the next to improve and require more energy/mana/souls, but the Blacksmith’s smithing ability now has no cap


   199. (199)-Daedalus' Student/Titan's Blood (God of War) (1100cp) ['Daedalus' student] (600cp) It is one thing to work on forging mere sword and shield, but it is another to create truly marvelous wonders... for a mortal. You could make marvelous wings out of bird feathers and beeswax, capable of granting flight to anyone. Or maybe you wish to create an everchanging Labyrinth, that shifts and alters itself depending on how it moves. Regardless, your architect and forging skills have taken a dramatic increase, to the point where the things you create just may have properties and quality they normally shouldn't have, albeit directed towards the purpose of your creations. Through your works, your will be known... but take care that the gods do not take offense with your work. [Titan's Blood] (500cp) What a curious thing you are, to have become such a thing. One of your ancestors was a Titan, a primordial being of great power and ability that was responsible with shaping the world as it is. You are not full-blooded, but the effects have been prevalent on you nonetheless; your size may be increased up to fifteen meters in height, with your strength as such that you could throw pieces of buildings one-handed at your enemies. You may also choose one Titan you are a descendent from, gaining aesthetic appearance changes similar to them. But more importantly, you may relax yourself and 'commune' with the world and nature around you; by opening your mind to the world you can learn about it and its secrets quite quickly, along with finding what is the largest threat to the balance of nature. You are of the planet, child. It is your birthright to know these things.


   200. (200)-Technical Expertise (Iji) (100cp) You're pretty damn impressive when it comes to all sorts of technical applications. With this, you can better modify your own weaponry, armor and augmentations. Or just be creative and accomplish tasks like rigging an elevator to catapult it's occupants into the ceiling, turning them into paste. Fun


   201. (201)-Remodelling (Medaka Box) (600cp) You can remodel living or inanimate things through training, surgery, drugs or other scientific methods. Through this you can improve their efficiency or bring out their true potential. It can bring out powers that are dormant within you, but not create new ones.


   202. (202)-Master Craftsman (King Arthur) (600cp) Thanks to being taught by faeries anything you make by hand is a great deal better than anything regular human can make. Armor is nearly indestructible and lighter than it should be, blades are sharper, blunt weapons have more force behind them, bows and crossbows can shoot farther and are easier to pull back. Even mundane items like baskets work better, though you can't give items mystical powers without being a wizard or something.


   203. (203)-Aesthetics and Flair (Bayonetta) (100cp) A gun isn't quite a gun until it LOOKS good, you know? It's supposed to be classy, make you look amazing just for having it. Likewise, that sword could use a bit of badass styling to it. When you create your weapons, you can make them look DAMNED good even on an off day. Expect any weapon creator to envy you, and those who die by your weapons to count themselves lucky as they perish to such beautiful art.


   204. (204)-Soulcraft/Sage (Demons' Souls) (1200cp) [Soulcraft] (600cp) With the souls of strong opponents, you may forge great weapons and armor out of them. Of course you can craft with lesser souls but the product won’t be that great. The weaker souls can only be used to upgrade things instead. You instinctively understand how to use anything you made. [Sage] (600cp) In magic you have few equals, many of them brilliant prodigies much like yourself. Your intelligence improves the damages of your spells. With study you can turn great souls into powerful spells to be used. Weaker soulsc an be used to improve your magic


   205. (205)-Mechanical Master (Borderlands) (400cp) You are a master armsmith and roboticist. You can build and maintain standard weapons and shields with ease, and if you put some effort into understanding it you could probably make E-Tech your bitch. Further, you can make temporary Digistruct items, though they tend to explode after brief use. If you find the right components, you might even be able to modify good stuff into truly unique weapons; some might call them Legendary. Though for some reason they always look kind of pearly.


   206. (206)-Ambrosial Artificer (Macross) (400cp) So many moving parts, so many pieces to the puzzle. It's so... needless. The other tech teams are complete morons. That's why you've learned how to figure out the optimization of your complex machines like Veritechs. What parts you don't need, you find a way to do away with. What parts you DO need, you can use the now-extra space to improve and bolster their performance. Some will call you mad. But the only madness that will come from your work is the rage of your enemies and rivals.


   207. (207)-Decadence (Dune) (100cp) You have the skills to sacrifice neither form nor function when you design, create, or arrange things, which is especially important in a society whose upper crust values opulence the way this society does --after all, the Emperor's throne is carved out of a single massive gemstone. Whether it's interior decorating, crafting a knife or sword, building furniture or a vehicle... you can make it appeal perfectly to the most crass or the upper crust. You can also figure out the optimal decor for any purpose or environment, which includes the best places to hide discreet surveillance devices.


   208. (208)-Chosen of Death (Lord of Light) (600cp) Great Yama, Death-god, has seen you clearly and bade you enter the Vasty Hall of Death, to serve as his partner in creation. Not merely revealing his secrets of science -you are his equal in the arts. Your creativity is that which may forge ten unique treasures each day, or mass produce legends. Design of all forms of weapons, armors, vehicles, and utilities comes to you with blinding light and strength of inspiration. With this position comes the virtual guarantee of rebirth in your next life, as a Demigodof the forge.


   209. (209)-Bling of War (Macross) (100cp) It's one thing to have a weapon or vehicle of mass destruction, capable of rending an entire ground force or a squadron to shame. It's another to make it look so damn good your enemies would not dare get near it if they had a lick of sense. By purchasing this perk, you can design your equipment to look much more stylish and carry a 'theme' you prefer. This can range from the clothes you wear, to the weapons you wield, to even the vehicles you pilot into battle. It's all about style.


   210. (210)-Material Synthesis Science/Exotic Compatibility (Gundam: After Colony) (600cp) [Material Synthesis Science] (200cp) You know a few things about getting your own materials, but you also have a bit of know-how about how the people here get such quality materials. Normally, you know how to forge, quench and mold materials into more high quality specimens, but you have a specialization in Zero-Gravity Material Synthesis as well-in microgravity conditions, you can create much more effective materials thanks to the limitations of gravity being removed. [Exotic Compatibility] (400cp) You have a way of working with quirky and strange materials-in your hands and machinery, it assumes the forging and abilities of plain Iron until you begin building with it. You also can integrate exotic materials into your constructions a lot easier, and if you don’t know what a material is or what it can do, you’re very good at researching applications and properties of said materials. This research could also go into things such as improving production numbers and similar.


   211. (211)-Minor Blessings/Unnatural Skill/Divine Child (Percy Jackson) (800cp) [Minor blessings] (100cp) For one reason or another you've got a god who cares slightly about you and has seen fit to grant you some minor boon within their domains. Choose one god from any pantheon and gain a minor boon from them. The god will care slightly about you but unless you go on to further distinguish yourself it will be more of a minor interest in your affairs than someone they feel the need to help (Effectively think a diminished version of one ability a demigod might have, think minor ones are stuff along the lines of breathing water, lucid dreaming, or appropriate vague extra senses, useful but nothing especially major). This can be taken multiple times. [Unnatural Skill] (200cp) Whether from your heritage or just being that good you've got one particular mundane skill that your feats which border on supernatural. Whether you're a smith on the level of the Cyclopes, a near prescient tactician or a swordsman who is nigh unstoppable with a blade your feats will be legendary. You are on a level within your skill such that only other beings of legend can hope to match you. This may be taken multiple times. You may not choose magic but you may choose a particular application of magic if you have it already (so curses, enchanting might work, more specific gets a bigger boost). [Divine Child] (400cp) You are the direct child of a god of your associated pantheon and gain various benefits from this. You gain lesser manifestations of your parent's domains as well as generally being better than an ordinary mortal. You may take most any god as your parent but to take one of the heads of a pantheon as a parent you must take the "Fate finds you interesting" drawback receiving no points for it (you can also do this with a lesser god to get greater powers). Generally this will give you insight into and some control over your divine parent’s domains, a son of Poseidon for example can control water and ships, talk to horses, cause minor earthquakes and is empowered within water.


   212. (212)-Beauty in the Arts (God of War) (200cp) The Greeks and their gods have an eye for the aesthetics of their surroundings. Whether it is the statues around them, or the floors they walk upon, or the things they carry and wield, it is better if it is appealing. Your ability to design any of your crafts has increased with this knowledge, able to appeal to form without sacrificing function. Regardless of what you create, it's going to look good enough that the gods might take notice... might. Whether this is a good thing, or a bad thing is for you to decide.


   213. (213)-Aesthetics (Anno 2070) (100cp) Others may be able to do what you do, but you? You make it look GOOD. Really, REALLY good. All buildings you construct now have a distinctive architectural flair that marks them as yours and yours alone. Even a simple wooden shack you build will have people nodding matter-of-factly and recognizing the design like a nation's flag, if they've had experience with you before. In addition, purely aesthetic construction - landscaped bays, parks, covered walkways, promenades - are not only cheaper to build, but require little to no upkeep.
   214. (214)-Tailor Made (Career Model) (100cp) You are a brilliant designer and can ensure objects you create are always looking fantastic, aesthetically pleasing and the like. Making something look good no longer takes any time or effort­ you can focus entirely on function, and whatever you make will look outstanding


   215. (215)-My Fashion Sense is Tingling/Iron Bladder (TWEWY) (100cp) [My Fashion Sense is Tingling] (50cp) You have an impeccable sense of fashion-You can make an appealing outfit out of just about anything. In addition, you will always have an innate knowledge of what is fashionable in the area wherever you go, allowing you to remain on top of your game no matter where you are. In fact, you'll usually be a trendsetter. [Iron Bladder] (50cp) If you're really involved in something, you can do it for as long as you please. So long as you focus completely on a single task, whether that be the creation of an object, the defeat of an enemy, or just beating a videogame, you can completely ignore any bodily needs such as sleep, hunger, or pain. You're just ignoring them, though- Which doesn't make them go away. All of your needs will catch up with you when you're done, which can kill you if you're not careful.


   216. (216)-Clothing Skinner (Aion) (100cp) this magic device allows you to take the look of one set of clothing and apply it to another set of clothing. Want to have full plate armor that looks like a tuxedo? This will allow you to do that.


   217. (217)-Armsfusion Crafter (Aion) (400cp) this magical machine will merge any two weapons or pieces of armor placed into it into a single weapon or piece of armor. The two items need not be weapons or armor, but the must be similar. The machine is roughly the size of a coffin. When used the items merge so that it keeps the superior properties of each without stacking old properties. (For example sword A has +5 str. Sword B has +3 str as well as deals lightning damage. The resulting sword would have +5 str and lightning dmg.)


   218. (218)-Transmogrification (World of Warcraft) (0cp) Have a set of armor that you like? Yet you like another set of armor’s stats? Well don’t fret! Transmog machine is here! What is it? It looks like a giant washing machine, you can feed any two sets of armor (Head, Chest, Legs, Boots, & Gloves) and choose which one is spit out. The new armor will be best of both worlds. It’ll have the superior stats of the one item, and looks of the other. However the downside is that the other item is destroyed. However both items are in a database so you can always transmog the look. Don’t bother taking it apart and trying to figure out how it works, because there’s no answer. It just works.


   219. (219)-Stylish Mechanic (Gurren Lagann) (100cp) In addition to knowing how to repair and create mechanical devices you also have quite a knack at making anything you work on look good. Any timeyou fix something it'll end up clean and pleasant to look at, and you can easily come up with humorous or awe-inspiring designs for vehicles and devices.


   220. (220)-Form and Function (Final Fantasy XIV) (400cp) A while back, you overheard something your customers had said -about cloth and leather being insufficient to protect them out in the wilderness of Eorzea. You have to admit that they do have a bit of a point. Cloth and leather might be far more comfortable than a suit of plate armor, but functionally they protect substantially less. But maybe if you could use a different material, things might be different? The principle of this weave is the same as when you made inner linings. But whereas inner linings allowed you to split open layers in order to weave enchantments and magic inside, now you have folded layer upon layer with inlaid crystals to attain a weave that can withstand blows just as well as a suit of plate might. The amount of crystals you need for the process is substantial -but the magic is ultimately necessary, so that you don't leave a single imperfection which may ruin the final product, and also so that it doesn't end up looking bulky and cumbersome. Objects that you craft with the same principle exhibit durability several times stronger than what you would have expected from an equivalent of similar weight.


   221. (221)-Innovator (Final Fantasy XIV) (200cp) You'll never make a name for yourself if you can't innovate -and sometimes, innovation requires you to take risks and make mistakes, even ones which might be catastrophic. It takes effort to gain experience, and it takes courage to put in effort -but you've also got a bit of beginner's luck whenever you start trying to produce something new. You're far more likely to succeed -and consequently far less likely to fail if you go in completely blind, but more importantly than that, you're not likely to come up with a completely useless product in the end.


   222. (222)-Deity's Weapon/Weapon Synthesis (Warrior's Orochi) (300cp) [Deity's Weapon] (100cp) Naturally, your aura is not your only tool, and neither is it just for show. By imbuing a portion of your aura into a tool, you can turn it into a weapon capable of eating through physical and magical barriers alike. Naturally, as you’re infusing a portion of your mystic nature into the tool, with time it will grow to possess magical qualities as well. With a sufficient amount of time passing, you could very well find yourself bearing a mystic weapon, one that has naturally absorbed enough mystic force to rival the greatest of magical weapons. With enough time, all that energy would be enough to make it a weapon of yore. Just don’t expect it to happen anytime soon. [Weapon synthesis] (200cp) Out there in the Dimensional World, you might not be able to find a blacksmith, in which case, it would probably be good to learn the skill yourself. Forging a spear or a sword? Well anybody can learn that from any blacksmith, here we’re going to teach you how to perform weapon synthesis. Yes, it’s not blacksmithing as you would expect. So, that weapon of yours. It looks completely serviceable, right? Battle worthy probably, probably killed off great swathes of foot soldiers? There’s no need to sharpen it, but what about its inherent qualities? You know that magic enchantment on it? Or that spell it seems to cast every once in a while? Our form of blacksmithing works on those innate properties and spells instead. We don’t strengthen the exterior; we strengthen what’s inside, and bring the potential of that weapon up even higher. That low-level ice spell your sword casts? Yeah, let’s work at it until it casts a stream of frost. It’s going to take a while, but anything worth doing is going to take time. Better live with that fact.


   223. (223)-Fixer Upper (Dark Cloud 2) (200cp) When they put you through an apprenticeship, the first thing they did was to tell you to take apart a train. Then put it back together again. Then they repeated the process, removing parts bit by bit, and yet every time you still managed to put the train back together. Eventually you've come to realize that you can repair things -all while removing any extraneous parts to ensure that the efficiency of a machine is optimized .Machines that you’ve tinkered with...don’t seem to need as much to work as others might.


   224. (224)-Mythril Coating (Dissidia) (200cp) In many realms throughout the rift, mythril has always been an element of reputable worth. With the powers of the rift however, this mythril coating has been charged somewhat. Able to be applied onto both weapons and armor, items coated with this will be constantly charged with magical energy. As a consequence of this, the affected item allows one to sustain energy draining forms for twice as long, and improves their power slightly.


   225. (225)-Accessory Machine (Spiral Knights) (200cp) It is one thing to go out into the world and do a Knight's duty, but it is another to look the part. This machine is special, allowing you to create cosmetic pieces or effects and bind them to your equipment to improve their appearance, though this requires resources. Nothing really comes free, after all. Armor pieces, auras, or even cosmetic wings... go ahead. Express yourself. Let your creativity flow.


   226. (226)-Incredibly Craftsmanship (Akame ga Kill) (600cp) While the method of creating Teigu is long lost you are able to create things almost at their level, with some research and a couple other skilled people you might even be able to recreate the lost arts that created the Teigu long ago. You also have all the skills to repair Teigu or other incredible items from near destruction.


   227. (227)-Lathe of Heaven (Chrono Trigger) (400cp) : We're always going to need weapons, so the way I see it, you might as well get good at making them. Now? You'll be able to give old man Melchior a run for his money. Swords, guns, armor, even sunglasses - if it's worn or wielded, you can make it a masterpiece. You'll also learn how to make use of any material, bringing out its best qualities and minimizing its weaknesses. You could make bone sharper than steel, gold sturdier than titanium, and take a legendary material nobody's ever seen before, and figure out how to forge it, what to alloy it with, and how to craft that alloy into an impossibly sharp sword or some amazing shades.


   228. (228)-Secret of Steel (History's Strongest Disciple: Kenichi) (400cp) An illustrated guide created by the greatest master of weapons the world has ever known. It keenly details the techniques, methods and set­up required to create weapons using traditional Japanese techniques. This text goes beyond that however, and if the directions are followed perfectly it can be used to forge weapons, armor, and tools that are far better than anything that could possibly be made even with the most advanced metallurgic technology. Objects created—while still composed of steel—will be significantly stronger than steel and can withstand blows from a Martial Arts Master. Blades made using these techniques will be preternaturally sharp, able to cut through stone, steel and perhaps even more with proper strength and training. Such bladed weapons will almost never lose their edge and require virtually no maintenance. Armor made using these techniques is nearly indestructible and will never rust or corrode. Normal tools will work with such efficiency that even primitive tools can accomplish feats of scale equivalent to highly advanced modern technology. For example, a scythe made with these techniques could harvest an entire field in the same amount of time as a combine harvester or a simple hoe could do the work of a tractor­towed plough.


   229. (229)-Engineering Iteration (Sunrider) (400cp) The highly analytical mind of a prototype can always see a way to improve something. Even with existing materials and techniques, there is always a slightly better way for you to manufacture a certain part or lubricate a joint. The improvements you make to your devices are noticeable and potentially endless, but you quickly find yourself at the mercy of diminishing returns. You can expect the first 50% worth of improvements to be reasonably attainable and up to 75% expensive, but beyond that it becomes prohibitively expensive.




   230. (230)-Do One Thing At A Time (Dinotopia) (300cp) When you focus yourself on doing a single task, your skill and efficiency doubles. Material requirements are unaffected, but time taken is halved and quality is doubled.


9. Transformative Domain (12 Perks)


   231. (231)-Gadget Master (007) (300cp) You’ve been trained by Major Boothroyd at the skills of his job. You’re excellent at creating and maintaining gadgets of all types. You can miniaturize nearly anything, and hide things in forms that... really shouldn’t work. You can even make lasers! You’re also good at coming up with ideas for unusual methods of assassination; beheading umbrellas, flamethrower bagpipes, and the like.


   232. (232)-Tinkerer (RWBY) (300cp) You're a whiz at maintaining, modifying and making things. Everything from Sniper Scythes to Toaster Ovens, as long as you made it yourself or had the blueprints on hand. Unlock the secret of Variable Weapon Crafting.


   233. (233)-Master Builder (Transformers) (400cp) You’ve been programmed with mastery of Cybertronian science allowing you to jury-rig any tech you see, as well allowing you to quickly build even the most complex Cybertronian tech within a reasonable time period. Smaller devices are almost instant, larger devices take some time and more components. However with enough material you can build a temporary space bridge. Despite your mastery of Cybertonian science, creation of a Spark and therefore intelligent life, organic or inorganic is beyond you.


   234. (234)-Miniaturization/Efficiency (Worm) (400cp) You can miniaturize anything down to levels that any sane man would consider impossible. A fusion reactor the size of a watch battery would be the absolute minimum of what you are capable of, and you'd be able to make it far smaller than that. Your power also makes you a master of technological efficiency, anything you make needing barely any energy to run compared to what it should and continue to do so for a very long time. These specialties also make you a master of nanotechnology and similar pursuits. Of course you aren't barred from building something big like a giant robot, just that it'll be impossibly efficient and crammed full of more weapons and subsystems then should be possible


   235. (235)-Nanite Sciences/Nanite Removal and Control (Generator Rex) (500cp) [Nanite sciences] (100cp) You possess in depth knowledge of nanite technologies. With sufficient equipment and resources you could produce and control nanite machines, possibly even recreate the nanite event or maybe figure out how to reverse its effects. But that would take a long time of additional study of nanites out in the world, still you might be one of the few who could attempt this endeavor. You possess no knowledge of the meta-nanites, and understanding how they work is beyond your grasp. [Nanite Removal and Control] (400cp) Many in this world would consider this is your most important ability, you can control nanites and absorb them into yourself, reverting dangerous mutations and can help people regain control of themselves. At first however this power will only work on willing targets, and will not work on incurable, especially virulent nanite infested EVOs. However with training and time, your powers can grow to circumvent these rules. Your greatest limitation is the fact that as you absorb nanites your reservoirs fill to the breaking point, causing dangerous flare ups and renders your abilities unstable. You can purge these nanities, but figuring out how to do so in a safe way with a large amount of unstable nanites may take some effort. After this Jump your nanites can be used to heal people, whether of wounds, diseases, or possibly even mutations or others turned into a monster. Success will vary depending on factors, a mystical curse is probably beyond your nanites, a really out of this world super virus might be cured, but that's iffy. If you happen to run into other nanites in other jumps, you could control and manipulate them as well.


   236. (236)-Nano-technician/Nanoforge (Red Faction) (1200cp) [Nano-Technician] (600cp) Is it me or does “nanomachines” not sound like a word anymore? You now have a considerable talent in the field of nanotech. With time and study, you could recreate the Nanoforge, with dedication you could even improve on it. Keep in mind nanotech in this setting is exceptionally hard to work with, but can do anything from fixing a bridge, to disintegrating a starship, to enhancing human abilities. [Nanoforge] (600cp) Typically worn around the wrist, this device is an engineer’s wet dream. Using real-time scans provided by the onboard AI, the Nano-Forge emits nanites as either a proximity cloud or projectile globs that procedurally recreate objects nearby. This Nano-Forge is restricted to repair functionality, and it doesn’t work on biological material, but it does have the precision to recreate delicate electronics and the like.


   237. (237)-Sohon (Legacy of the Aldenata) (400cp) Sohon is the semi-spiritual technique used by the Indowy to build all the best Galactic technology (like, for example, ACS). Sohon adepts are incredibly rare; of all 18 trillion Indowy, only a few hundred have the potential to become a user of Sohon at all. A Sohon adept mentally controls nanites in a special tank to “grow” the technology under their direction, allowing for chemical structures and molecular formations that... really shouldn’t happen. While you’ll never be a true adept (never ranking, for example, among human Mentats), you can at least utilize the basics, allowing you to repair Galactic tech and, with a lot of time and effort, maybe make a little of your own.


   238. (238)-Weapons Recombination Template (Final Fantasy XIII-2) (200cp) The shady dealer (Actually it seems like everything he's offered so far is shady) just shrugs when you pick this up. Apparently, it binds two weapons together, and allows you to shapeshift the weapon between either form. You're not quite sure how it works, but he demonstrates it to you by showing you how a bow can shift into a sword. You can't help but notice that it also turned into a Moogle afterwards...but apparently yours won't do that. Unless you throw a Moogle into the mix. Wait...does that mean...


   239. (239)-Hybridization Theory (Zoids: Legacy) (400cp) So one day you had a bit of spare time after your daily Zoid admiration hour. After taking a close look at your favorite Gojulas and your favorite Mad Thunder, you decided that if the Gojulas could wield the Mad Thunder's Magnesser Drills like an arm weapon, you could probably reenact that scene from the show you watched two days back on theprofessor's hi-def television. Those mechanics can slap on parts and scavenge however they like. You can literally merge two machines together into one, with twice the processing power as before. Mind you, Zoids typically won't respond well to suddenly sharing a body with another core and another mind, but you'll have ethical uses for this...right? For most mundane machinery, you don't need any power source besides your own, but be careful that should you make your machine too big, the internal power supply might not be enough to feed it.


   240. (240)-Nanotech Wizard (Ratchet & Clank) (200cp) You acquire a basic understanding of the nanotech of this universe. Use it to fix yourself up when you get hurt, or use it on others. If integrated with weapons or armor, it gives them the capacity to upgrade over time and to potentially change their abilities.


   241. (241)-Prototyper (Polity) (600cp) You’re more than capable of inventing new and novel systems that integrate existing technologies in startlingly effective ways. Any fool can make a laser or a missile bigger; what you do is combine different technologies in new and inventive ways - they thought Tenkian was a genius? Well he's got nothing on you. Whoever though putting a shear-field on a missile was going to work? Here, you'll find inspiration for combining the Polity’s technologies in new ways – hardfields, antimatter devices, artificial gravity, AI subminds, Under-space tech, all the neat stuff – even Pradortech. The technology of the Jain, Csorians and Atheter are still beyond you, however. After this jump, your inspiration works to combine different technologies from completely differentorigins into new devices, and removes the restriction on Jain/Csorian/Atheter tech.


   242. (242)-They're Like Legoes, Right?/This Is How I want It (Kerbal Space Program) (600cp) [They're Like Legoes, Right?] (200cp) There's robust engineering, and then there's modularity. Pick one. Except for you - you seem to have the gift of designing methods that allow for seamless mixing and matching of modular technology that lack none of the parts incompatibility and fragility you'd except from such a design paradigm. While this seems focused on Kerbin technology in specific, a little work should have you applying such a paradigm to all sorts of technologies... [This Is How I Want It] (400cp) Your capability of mentally designing items is vastly boosted. It's almost as if you have a mental idea space in the fashion of a construction bay with a lists of parts you have on hand that gives you an idea of what you can build at that moment... actually, that's pretty much what you have. As a bonus, you can mix and match parts in a manner roughly akin to legos, and giving you an idea of what would work and what wouldn’t (and how much resources it would take to build). Mind, this doesn't mean that your mental creation will perform successfully, but it will function. As a final bonus, you can mentally hand-off the resultant creation to your Kerbals to build, and they'll do so without a mistake or screwup - meaning any snafu that results will be on your own head.


10. Resources Domain (26 Perks)


   243. (243)-Waste Not (Monster Hunter) (300cp) use half as many resources as usual with a chance of not needing rare materials at all.


   244. (244)-More With Less (XCOM) (300cp) Through careful construction, you can remove unnecessary components and get maximum efficiency into your products. What this means, is that you can create the same quality item while using less resources. Items with which you have a limited supply, such as alien materials, can be stretched farther.


   245. (245)-Mauler (Command and Conquer: Tiberium Wars) (400cp) You have the skills of a junkyard hound, able to make even the most heavily damaged tech work again. Even machines too battle-damaged for recovery 20 years ago can be effective under your wrench. Repurposing tech and equipment is your forte; you can turn a pneumatic screwdriver into a reasonable cannon, and heaven help your enemies if you get anywhere near mining equipment, as a power-armored mutant is quickly appearing in their future. There was even one time where you made a toaster into a reasonable facsimile of a flamethrower.....


   246. (246)-Scavenger (Squirrel and Hedgehog) (400cp) Thanks to those filthy communists trying to take everything (hypocrisy, anyone?), you've had to learn to make do on things. You can get more 'bang for your buck' on materials and fuels, making machines last longer than they normally should. Furthermore, with crafting and building you know JUST how to use them to reduce your resource requirements. How's THAT for 'not needing unnecessarily' you goobers?!


   247. (247)-Armsthrift (Fire Emblem: Awakened) (400cp) Your weapons just don’t seem to break and you know how to care for them well. Even immensely fragile things are unlikely to break in your care. Guns won’t jam and swords never lose their edge


   248. (248)-The Honed Edge (Pocky & Rocky) (100cp) With just a bit of time and polish you can restore any blade to its true sharpness, as if it were just crafted. Rust and tarnish to away with ease as well. Your tools and weapons are always in the best shape. SOME effort does need to be put into this care of course


   249. (249)-Robust Engineering (Dune) (300cp) Ten thousand years of stagnation in technology is a very long time... and now you know how to apply the lessons of those millennia to the construction of anything you have. Mass production does not exist any longer and even relatively common items are made as if masterwork quality, because aside from obvious cheap items, they have been built to last longer than the person using them. Expect anything you construct by hand to be able to last centuries, as long as you take a little extra time while you make it. With the amount of time you're going to be around... you may need that sort of quality.


   250. (250)-Built to Last (Assassin's Creed) (300cp) Whatever you personally build, be it handheld or architectural, becomes nigh-impervious to weather, rust and time. If it gets lost or buried, you can 'feel' it out too!


   251. (251)-Salvager (Babylon 5) (300cp) When the ore runs out and the company tells the miners to leave, that's where you really shine. It's cheaper to leave gear to rot in an abandoned site than it is to get it into orbit, across the galaxy and set up again so there's always something good just waiting for a new owner. With this skill you are an expert at jury rigging tech, taking it apart, stripping out the usable parts and putting them into something else. With time and effort you can puzzle out the workings of most technologies and how to integrate them into your own gear. Every day or industrial equipment might take a few moments, but bleeding edge gear will take years, even decades to understand.


   252. (252)-Crimson Weapons (Etrian Odyssey) (300cp) When you look at the various giblets you carve off of the monsters of the labyrinth, you find many of their parts are suitable for crafting weapons and armor. In fact, they're usually outright superior to regular materials. With time and effort, you could make just about anything you pry off of a monster into something useful. You could turn a lion's claws into a wicked-sharp sword, or a pair of horns into an excellent bow.


   253. (253)-Lack of Materials (God of War) (400cp) Times are tough in this land. Forces beyond knowing, monsters that roam the lands, and gods who are as petty as they are powerful. With chaos such as this, there are times you may not be able to get everything of what you need. But you've learned to make do. You can get the most out of your materials, using two bars of metal where you might need four, or three hides when you needed six. Of course, if you DO have all the materials required you can use them to make your creations more effective in quality and capability as well. So maybe it doesn't hurt to put the extra mile in.


   254. (254)-Repair Savvy (Outlaw Star) (100cp) Your skills in mechanics are top notch. Your weapons, armor, and personal equipment are all easy to repair, and maintenance of all of them takes mere minutes instead of hours.


   255. (255)-Gadgeteer (Totally Spies) (600cp) Not only do you have the knowledge and resources to produce all of WOOHP and the Center's gadgets quickly and efficiently, but you'll never run out of ideas for new gadgets, and you'll be able to incorporate any other technologies you know seamlessly.


   256. (256)-Panzerkampf/Firestorm (Sabaton) (900cp) [Panzerkampf] (300cp) When it comes to building war machines, yours are top-notch! A gun made by your own hand will never jam, and a tank built by you will never bog down in mud or take damage from an IED. If they want to destroy what you've built, they'd best bring their A-game. [Firestorm] (600cp) When someone absolutely, positively needs artillery good enough to reduce the greatest castle to rubble, they come to you and accept no substitutes. You can throw a cannon together from scraps and it will still outperform the best mortars of the age. Moreover, in other worlds, if you can understand the weapon, you can produce something 1.1 times as strong with the items you would find in a rubbish heap, provided they're of equal size to the device they're replicating.


   257. (257)-Super Scientific Solution (Tenchi Muyo) (100cp) This perk grants two features that in universe depend on your setting, out of universe both work unless you desire otherwise. Slice of Life: Science solves everything, even the little household problems. You can create supertech improvements to common tools and appliances, up to and including automobiles or similar works of engineering. Create dishwashers that can clean dishes in an instant, self heating plumbing or forcefield window panes that act as air conditioners. Space­Opera: Well established methodologies and an instinctive grasp of same allow you to draw conclusions or produce results incredibly fast. You halve the time it takes to gather data, compose research on some subject, or devise a test to prove/disprove something­ handy for when you have to figure out an enemy fortresses’ one weakness…


   258. (258)-Efficiency (Lego: Ninjango) (400cp) Waste not, want not! Not with this, anyway – whether building machines or making quick moves in combat, you'll never unintentionally use more energy, materials, or flourish than you need to.


   259. (259)-Reuseable Resources/Artificial Alloys (Anno 2070) (800cp) [Reuseable Resources] (200cp) Recycling requires effort. There is always a loss - in terms of energy, in terms of time, in terms of effort, in terms of materials. Your faction's knowledge of materials science has minimized this loss to the utmost; When destroying buildings, recovering crashed vehicles, or decommissioning equipment, you always recover the same amount of material put into it's construction, ripe for being re-applied to other tasks. [Artificial Alloys] (600cp) Naturally occurring substances can offer a good start point for the development of new and innovative machinery and technology. However, often times these natural resources have limitations - whether it be rarity, difficulty of acquisition, and so on. In such cases, science steps to the fore, fashioning new materials unseen by nature to do that which mother nature started. This ability allows, with enough time and research invested, to create substances that mimic those found in nature, albeit manufactured artificially. While this new artificial substances do not surpass the original, it can for all purposes be substituted by it with no drawbacks. However, the material must still be manufactured - but, once the process is known, other factions, civilizations, and individuals, by following the process, can also create the artificial material. This ability works post-jump, even for materials that do not naturally occur in the new universe.


   260. (260)-Reliable Invention (Kim Possible) (200cp) Anything you construct is only broken when used improperly or purposefully targeted with attacks. The items you create do not malfunction and are completely resistant to damage caused by regular usage.


   261. (261)-Scrapyard Skills (Swat Kats) (300cp) : Where others see junk, you see treasure just waiting to be utilized. You can make far more use out of scrap metal and tossed out electronics, repurposing them for many different tasks. That washer machine might have the parts needed to help spin an engine turbine, or that piston tube might be JUST the right size to refashion into a grappling hook launcher... it's all in how you use it and how you repurpose things.


   262. (262)-Element Analysis (Bomberman 64: The Second Attack) (100cp) With a little elbow grease, you can easily identify the elemental composition of ANY material and with the right resources, break it down to its base elements for further use.


   263. (263)-Harmless Extraction/Extraction Efficiency/Rapid Growth (Final Fantasy XIV) (500cp) [Harmeless Extraction] (200cp) With hempen yarn and animal skins in shorter supply since the catastrophe, you and other craftsman have had to adapt your practices in order to keep the orders met. Practices to minimize the amount of animals killed, to make the most out of that which you have on hand are all crucial nowadays as resources grow scarcer. While the animals still aren't too comfortable with it, with this magic you can weave together a copy of their skin or wool, while only taking a small portion of what they have. It doesn't really feel right, but at least the animal is still alive! It’ll take time, but what you’ve taken will slowly grow back. [Extraction efficiency] (100cp) judging from the state of Eorzea, the Carpenters and other tradesmen here have long since improved the efficiency of their resource collecting processes. From the record books, while the presence of Aether has helped a great deal, the harvesting practices put into place played a large part as to why the natural landscape is still the way it is today. Adopting those same practices, you've improved on the harvesting efficiency for all manners of things, not just restricted to trees -but other plant life as well. So at least the plant doesn't simply die off after one round. [Rapid Growth] (200cp) You can't afford to wait years for a forest to regrow! By the time that forest grows to a state where it's ready for harvest, you won't even need the lumber to build your house anymore! No, in order to make it in time for harvest this season, you're going to need to draw on some more potent forces.It might be a little bit dangerous to use Aether in such a fashion, but by imbuing the saplings with concentrated Aether, you've successfully sped up the growth rate of the trees -to a point where you can harvest them again. Well, unfortunately, the trees did grow a bit bigger than normal, but you expect that's just a normal side effect from using concentrated Aether to grow things.


   264. (264)-Cold Fires (Final Fantasy XIV) (200cp) The hotter the fire, the easier the metal is to form -but too hot, and the metal will simply melt away. That's always been a conundrum which you had to solve. The mages however, have a different solution for your problem. By imbuing fire with Aether, you can reach the conditions necessary for forging at far lower temperatures than normal. Similarly, the intensity of any fire spell you cast is significantly increased


   265. (265)-Composition Analysis (Final Fantasy XIV) (100cp) "Before you get to work, you need to know what it is you're dealing with!" -that was the first lesson you were taught when you started this discipline. Certainly, your mentor was right. Without knowing what you're working with, you're simply courting with catastrophe. With a bit of help from the Aether tools you have, you can discern the properties of any material you're working with -enough to know if there's an occupational hazard involved with handling them. But with sufficient practice and a discerning eye, you can figure out what any item is made up of.


   266. (266)-Acquester (Spiral Knights) (100cp) In times of crisis and desperation, resources become too precious to use on anything other than necessities. The spiral Order has had to save all their supplies to repair their ship, so you've had to make do on the field. you know how to look for your own resources, remaining self-sufficient in the field through using scavanged items as supplies for anything ranging from simple maintenance to complex construction. Power Cores, Blighted Bones, or even Goo Drops can be used as spare parts or more. With what you've learnt, these days you don't just survive, you thrive. Whether it's machines that power the Constructs or the way that Wolver's fur burns, you've learned to figure out what separates useful resources from useless refuse. The world keeps spinning, knight. Keep up or die.


   267. (267)-Rationing (Mad Max) (100cp) When you don’t have much, it’s important to be careful with what you’ve got. You’re very good at saving supplies, ensuring that anything you find of use stays found and that it doesn’t get wasted by accident. You’ll get every last drop of fuel from a can, and never drop some plastic tubing just because you can’t think of a use at the moment.


   268. (268)-Scrapper (Fallout 4) (300cp) You have the capability to dismantle and repurpose objects for your own creations; even ones that you might not fully understand. So long as it’s not hopelessly beyond your understanding, indestructible, or ridiculously big, you’re capable of taking most things and reducing them to their base components, salvaging any working parts with only a few days of work at the worst.


11. Magitech Domain (20 Perks)


   269. (269)-Setup Wizard (Harry Potter) (200cp) You have a natural knack of melding technology and magic. You can easily jury-rig technology to work at Hogwarts. Your inventions could do considerable good for the magical world if they weren’t all such luddites.


   270. (270)-Doll Maker of Bucuresti (Touhou) (200cp) Being an undisputable genius in terms of mathematics and science in a realm ruled by magic tends to undermine just how impressive it is. Your ability with technology and engineering is so great that you are able to adapt to handling, repairing, modifying and even reverse-engineering completely foreign devices you have little to no background on. Your connection with both practical technologies along with magic allows for you to eventually unlock the secrets to creating magitech if given enough time to experiment.


   271. (271)-Magitech (Banjo-Kazooie) (600cp) your technology and magical powers are always fully compatible with each other. You gain a better understanding of both machines and magic, and are quite capable of using one to supplement the other.


   272. (272)-Magitech (Thundercats) (600cp) The combination of magic and technology. Magitech creations are rare and difficult to make but they're also extremely powerful and could easily function after being abandoned for hundreds of years. Some are even capable of trapping and containing souls


   273. (273)-Technosorcery (Gargoyles) (300cp) Combining magic and technology is a no brainer for you. You can handily blend the two to create amazing effects like broadcasting spells over telephone lines or melding creatures together through sorcerous surgery. Very little in the field of technomagic is beyond your reach with this skill.


   274. (274)-Moon Tech (Okami) (400cp) While you aren't granted a full of understanding of everything the Moon Tribe could do, you've been blessed with the basics, including the method to make the metal used in their constructions, and an intuitive understanding of the way the machinery functions. For the most part, the inner workings are mostly a mystery, though what is known is that they can run infinitely on their power source and are controlled by the spirit or divine power of the user. Examples of the greatest of their technology includes Yami's nearly unbreakable transforming robot body, a machine that generates freezing blizzards, and spaceships. Lesser works include most non-divine creations in the item section. This talent could quickly grow into so much more if you could only get your hands on enough Moon Tribe relics to experiment with or an expert to learn from. Indeed, this is all promised to you by Yami, along with dark power unending and rule in Nippon if only you swear fealty to him and devote yourself to his goal. After all, he has already granted you so much, and without even demanding your loyalty. As a bonus, Yami will even throw in the right to manifest his markings on your body. In appearance, they're simply a blue mirror of the celestial markings worn by Brush Gods. Try not to show it off to those few who've dealt with him before, as none will hesitate in slaying an agent of Yami. I'll leave the choice up to you.


   275. (275)-Digitized Sorcery (Fate/Extra) (600cp) The Magi of old had to adapt, converting the dying system of magecraft into something that could be used to their advantage within the Moon Cell. The results of their efforts are the Code Casts, a digital version of magecraft. Much like them, you can now convert magical systems into a technological variant. This will not be instant and will require a fair amount of research for you to accomplish, but it would let you find a new side to existing systems you possess.


   276. (276)-Crystal Mechanics (Final Fantasy Type-0) (100cp) The ByakkoCrystal's blessing revolves around the synthesis and comprehension of technology using magic. After all, sufficiently advanced technology is no different from magic. You can understand the workings of advanced technology after tinkering around with it a bit. You can also replicate technology you seeby using magic, but until you've attempted it countless times, the end product always seems to feel a bit...lesser in comparison to the original.


   277. (277)-Arcane Interface (Storm Hawks) (400cp) While many places and inanimate items are magical, magic itself normally requires a living thing to evoke it. Not so with this perk. You gain insight into creating a technological interface for magical items so that people not versed in magic can pick up and use them. Send a golem instruction through a PDA, or activate a portal with a TV remote. For those capable of magic, this Perk also gives insight into designing spells that manipulate technology, such as conjuring complex machines or altering computer data.


   278. (278)-The Magic of Science (The Witcher) (600cp) You can resolve the issues between magic and science, and while this does not increase your magical or scientific ability, you are able to make quite a few discoveries by combining the two and experimenting


   279. (279)-Manadrives/Antimatter Manipulation Principle (Final Fantasy 13) (600cp) [Assault Manadrive] (200cp) The higher ups gave you a manadrive, which you saw fit to attach with offensive spells. This manadrive allows you to attach up to intermediate level offensive spells –it will cast them autonomously freeing you up to do something else. You can designate its targeting systems appropriate to the spell. It won’t add effects the spell does not already have. [Defence Manadrive] (200cp) The higher ups gave you a manadrive, which you saw fit to attach with defensive spells. This manadrive allows you to attach up to intermediate level defensive spells –it will cast them autonomously freeing you up to do something else. It also has smart targeting that you can program into it. It won’t add effects the spell does not already have. [Antimatter manipulation Principle] (200cp) You understand the science at work behind Cocoon’s technology. You may not have the equipment to reproduce it, but you can manipulate gravity to a limited degree even without it –enough to save you from falls. With the suitable tools however, you could make all sorts of equipment and mechanical wonders, even up to graviton cores that can maintain giant aerial defense platforms.


   280. (280)-Antimatter Temporal Principle (Final Fantasy 13-3) (200cp) The same antimatter manipulation principle developed by the scientists of ancient Academia was banned by the Fal’Cie Pandaemoniumin the recent years, and all its researchers –vanished. After careful research, you’ve come to realize why. Through extensive manipulation, Chaos itself can be controlled with AMP, and while the degree of control you can exert on it is limited –even you can stop time for five seconds at will. However, you also move at a reduced pace, as the sheer effort of manifesting this unnatural phenomenon drains you in more ways than simply energy. After trying this twice in rapid succession, you found yourself completely drained, but if you alone could perform such a feat even significant support from any piece of ancient AMP technology –then perhaps the Fal’Cie banned it out of fear that it would evolve to something greater...Without this research available, and with most of the team lost, you wonder if it would have been impossible otherwise to reconstruct this technology. After all, only the significant presence of Chaos provoked the research to begin with, long after Gran Pulse had fallen.


   281. (281)-Crimson Saint (Maoyuu Hero and Demon King) (600cp) With sufficient analysis, Magic is simply Science by another name. A spell that causes plants to grow simply increases the flow of nutrients. A machine that generates a static field to generate an electric shock attack is the same as a lightning bolt spell. With this perk, you can comprehend the link that exists between Science and Magic, and with the proper time and resources reproduce a piece of technology as a magical spell or reproduce a magical effect as a piece of technology. For example, you could take a lightbulb, analyze it, understand how it works in its  entirety, then create a magical spell that produces the same amount of light when an equivalent amount of magical power is fed into it. There are a few caveats here, however. First, you must be capable of already replicating the magical effect, spell, or piece of technology on your own, as this power only lets you reproduce a magical or technological effect in its  equivalent technological or magical form. If you weren't able to reproduce a magical effect using magic or a technological effect using technology in the first place, this perk will not let you reproduce them in the opposite manner now. Comprehension alone won't cut it, the ability to already reproduce the effects is necessary. Second, complexity of the magic or technology you wish to reproduce a converted equivalent of is conserved across systems, so the amount of time necessary to reproduce the equivalent in the opposing system will be, at minimum, the same amount of time it would take to reproduce the equivalent in the same system. A highly sophisticated though reproducible multi-layered magic construct or spell will result in an equally complex technological creation that will be equally or more difficult to understand, use, and replicate. Third, the limitations of the magic or technology are carried over. If you were incapable of using a piece of tech or magic, you will be incapable of using its equivalent. A spell that creates an Elemental without true sentience will not create a thinking, self-upgrading AI in its technological equivalent, though reproducing an AI as a magic construct or a self-aware thinking magical construct as a technological entity WILL. If a magical entity or technological construct has a soul, so would its equivalent, but you would already have to be capable of reproducing said soul in the original system. And fourth, converted technology or magic that you give to others will function only if both A:Either you or them (Doesn't have to be both) would be capable of using the original magic or technology, and B: That if a piece of magic or tech requires energy to function, then an appropriate amount of energy is provided to fuel the magic or tech. Draw off a battery or mana capacitor, have it draw off the person's own mana reserves if they have them, have it draw off ambient energy in the air. One way or another, an amount of energy equivalent to the original power requirements must be supplied


   282. (282)-Mechanist(Final Fantasy VI) (100cp) You know how regular technology and magitek function and can repair it if it breaks down. You'll still need the tools and supplies, but at least with this you'll know what you're doing with mechanical technology. This knowledge can be used to build basic examples of it too, but don't expect to be able to copy anything too complex without getting your hands on the blueprints.


   283. (283)-Magitech Augmentation Theories, 14th (Final Fantasy XIV) (200cp) The Garlean use of Magitek doesn’t just end with automatons. Many of the weapons, armor, and even day today objects have benefited from the implementation of magitek. Inside this textbook is a collection of theories and applications that have been tested and improved. You could most likely learn from these theories and apply the principles of magitek to any inanimate object .We’ve seen from live samples that Magitek doesn’t just enhance the magical properties of an item –it seems to add in neat little quirks like transformation sequences and magic resistant coatings as well. It’s likely you could scale this up to high levels with a substantial amount of further analysis.


   284. (284)-Magitek (Final Fantasy XIV) (100cp) Basic blueprints taken from our scouts in the Garlean Empire, these blueprints are marked for all sorts of military craft, ranging from battle suits to light cruisers. The problem of course, is that you’re going to have to find the right materials to make this in the first place –then there’s the matter of finding the ceruleum necessary to fuel it. The mechanics believe that it is possible to substitute ceruleum with another type of energy with sufficient charge, but you’ll have to tinker with the systems yourself in order to make that adaptation.


   285. (285)-Mega Bomb/Guru (Chrono Trigger) (1200cp) [Mega Bomb] (600cp) : Magic and Technology are both capable of some pretty fantastic things. So why not put them together, and see what happens? You now understand the secret to integrating magic seamlessly into your mechanical devices, enabling you to create devices like bombs powered with fire magic or medkits that use healing magic. While initially your devices will be one-shots that rely on a magical charge you have to deliver, in time, you'll learn how to make much more advanced fusions, such machines that run on magical power sources, or automated spellcasting devices. In the end, the only limit is your skill with machinery and magic. [Guru] (600cp) ): Back in the glory days of Zeal, “Guru” was a title reserved only for the most skilled and knowledgeable of their mages and scientists. You might not be there yet, but when I'm done with you, you'll be well on your way to deserving the title. Magic is akin to a science to you, letting you delve into the secrets of sorcery the same way a physicist would unlock the secrets of the atom. This also includes learning how to apply magical knowledge like an engineer does the sciences, letting you come up with breathtaking magical wonders. The Blackbird, the Mammon Machine, the Ocean Palace - who knows what you'll add to that list of legends.


   286. (286)-Tech Wizard (Devil Survivor) (100cp) You’re​​ really​ ​good​ ​with ​​machines. ​​You ​​just ​​sort of ​​understand ​​how ​​they​ ​work,​ ​better ​​than ​​most. ​​But ​​not ​​just ​​regular machinery, ​​no. ​​You’ve ​​learned ​​how ​​magitech ​​works ​​too, ​​to​ ​a ​​certain extent. ​​COMPs ​​are ​​incredibly ​​powerful ​​tools, ​​allowing ​​users ​​to summon ​​demons, ​​learn ​​magic, ​​go​​ beyond​ ​normal ​​human ​​limits, ​​and fight ​​on ​​the ​​same ​​level ​​as ​​demons.​​ You​ ​can’t ​​build ​​one ​​yet, ​​but you’ve ​​figured ​​out ​​how​ ​they ​​work, ​​and​ ​even ​​how ​​to ​​modify ​​the coding ​​to​ ​a​ ​certain ​​extent. ​​Won’t ​​the ​​Shomonkai ​​be ​​surprised ​​to ​​find out​ ​they’re ​​no​ ​longer ​​safe ​​from ​​their​ ​own ​​toys?


   287. (287)-Technomage (Libriomancer) (200cp) While not a magic user per­se you have the unique ability to make magic and technology play along together in just the right kind of way. Perhaps you can take a fictional operating system out of a book and install it on a real computer. Or create a self­replicating swarm of nanomachines from a sliver of magically created tissue. Whatever it is, you can do it and are likely to be the envy of your magical peers


   288. (288)-Technomancy (Mage: The Awakening) (400cp) using technology with magic is not a new practice, especially since technology has existed since man first made fire, or tied a stone to a stick and called it a spear. While there are many other mages who purport to merge technology and magic, you do so with such seamless efficiency that it is nearly impossible to tell where technology ends and magic begins. You could tie the triggering of a spell to a computer program, having it take effect when someone tries to open it. Or perhaps you could use your magic to improve the quality of machines, increasing their speed, effectiveness and overall power. Perhaps you could even write out a grimoire, a repository of magical knowledge into a simple graphing calculator. What everyou do, it will likely be creative and never seen before as the disparate disciplines are masterfully merged under your guidance.


12. Alchemy Domain (23 Perks)


   289. (289)-Simple/Advanced/Alkahestry/Truth (Full Metal Alchemist) (1300cp) [Simple] (100cp) You understand the connections between parts. You can make large alchemy circles far more easily and far less complex than others. You can combine this with Advanded Formulae for multipurpose combat alchemy. [Advanced] (100cp) Alchemy comes to you as easily as breathing does. Your greater understanding allows you to perform more complex alchemy. you can combine this with Simplified Formulae for multipurpose combat alchemy. [Alkahestry] (300cp) you understand how to perfom basic Alkahestry, an art from Xing wich can perform transmutation from a distance using linked circles, and can heal wounds of many kinds by following the pulse of the body. With practice or tutoring you can make a real skill from it. [Truth] (800cp) choose to lose either of the four. Your voice, your dominant hand, Your non-dominant arm, or your dominant arm. In return you gain the ability to perform alchemy without a transmutation circle and your knowledge of the science is expanded to the point where you have effectively mastered both simple and advanced Formulae.


   290. (290)-Alchemy (Gothic) (300cp) You can identify local plants and their properties and create magical potions. Healing and mana potions are the most common on the market, but with some unusual ingredients you might be able to create potions that permanently improve the drinker’s body. You also know how to brew or distill various alcoholic beverages.


   291. (291)-Alchemy (Castlevania) (300cp) Through careful experimentation and research, you've gained understanding of the true nature of God's creation of the world. You may now utilize a lesser form of this art to create items of power, ranging from potions and charms to powerful weapons to drive back the forces of evil. You also understand the basics of a darker form of this art, enabling you to understand and counter evil rituals.


   292. (292)-Alchemy/Mixing Mixtures (Banjo-Kazooie) (300cp) [Alchemy] (100cp) you are incredibly capable at mixing together mundane ingredients to create effects that can only be described as magical. For a short time, these potions can create temporary copies of you, turn you invisible, or give you shielding. [Mixing Mixtures] (200cp) Your created potions can bestow multiple effects you know, however mixing too many might cause surprises. You can Reliably mix up to a dozen elixirs without them interfering with the effects of each other.


   293. (293)-Alchemy (Samurai Jack) (200cp) The ancient science of mixing specific ingredients and then infusing them with natural energy. You know how to make a wide array of potions with both beneficial and harmful effects.


   294. (294)-Alchemy (Valkyrie Profile) (400cp) At its most basic, alchemy is simply the creation of magic concoctions and items with a range of effects, from the mundane, such as healing items and exploding liquids, to the horrifying and illegal, such as the much feared Ghoul Powder that turns the living into mindless demons. From there, many alchemists learn the difficult and resource intensive formula for altering one material into another, and that's where their knowledge ends. But the true potential of alchemy is that it holds the ability to manipulate life, much like necromancy manipulates the dead. With the right knowledge, an alchemist can experiment and create horrible monsters and abominations, even imbuing them with magic and other mystical abilities, or even create a perfect simulacra of human. The one thing outside of Alchemy's power is the creation of souls, so their creations may be alive or even think, but they don't truly feel the way a natural creature would. There's nothing preventing an alchemist with knowledge of other disciplines from transferring a soul into an empty vessel, however. On the other hand, there is much more to to alchemy that nobody has yet uncovered, and further research can uncover further uses of alchemy.


   295. (295)-Alchemy (World of Warcraft) (300cp) Mix potions, elixirs, flasks, oils and other alchemical substances into vials using herbs and other reagents. Your concoctions can rejuvenate, enhance attributes, or provide any number of other useful (or not-so-useful) effects. High level alchemists can also transmute essences and metals into other essences and metals. Alchemists can specialize as a Master of Potions, or a Master of Transmutation. Zen Master: At this level you've mastered everything from basics to advanced. Additionally you've expanded your knowledge of the profession beyond the mastery of both basics and advanced stuff to complete understanding of it. At this level you're on even playing field with top 1% of your profession. Should you write down your knowledge it would easily be considered a work of art in that field.


   296. (296)-Alchemy (Masters of Magic) (200cp) While all wizards are capable of converting gold to mana, and vice versa, the process is very inefficient for them, losing half of the value in the process. You can do it perfectly, without any loss, making it potentially feasible for you to power your magic through taxation, for example. In future jumps, this will provide a boost to alchemical abilities, especially those converting one substance into another. You only retain the ability to convert gold to mana (and vice versa) in future jumps if you purchase this ability, which would provide one way to obtain mana in the future.


   297. (297)-Alchemy Knowledge (Golden Sun) (100cp) Alchemy was sealed long ago, but you've spent your entire life researching what little is left of its secrets, and the society of the ancients that used it. While mostly theory, this knowledge could serve you well should you seek out the ancient's settlements, or perhaps in greater ways in the years to come.


   298. (298)-Alchemy (Kingdoms of Amalur: Reckoning) (100cp) Your brothers and sisters in battle often need a health potion after a hard fight, and you have always been there to help out. You are a capable alchemist able to work with almost any ingredient to make potions with the effects you need, and find substitutes for absent ingredients. Some more potent potions still stump you, though, and inventing new recipes is beyond you.


   299. (299)-Alchemist (Farscape) (600cp) Your knowledge of plants, animals, and chemicals allows you to mix up all sorts of different compounds. Finding cures to rare diseases, synthesizing fuel, and creating powerful hallucinogens, among other things, is a breeze for you.


   300. (300)-Alchemist (Overlord: Light Novel) (200cp) You are capable of brewing potions with magical effects. You can easily create ‘true’ healing potions that provide instantaneous healing rather than healing-over-time, and can make potions for any ‘buffing’ spells you know that are in the ranked magic system such as flight, invisibility, increased magic resistance, physical boosts, and so on. Obviously you must actually know a spell in order to make a potion with that spells effect. Additionally to make use of this talent you must actually have the means to make the potions in the first place such as an alchemist's lab or, for slimes, your own body.


   301. (301)-Alchemist (The Mighty Boosh) (400cp) The final, most powerful skill of the Shamans. The ability to brew potions and craft poultices that can create strange magical effects. While you can make some powerful stuff, up to the level of a pint of Shaman Juice, you still have to deal with the issue of logistics. You need to have the right ingredients on hand, and the right amount of time to brew it properly. Also this perk gives you amazing knowledge regarding how to properly create various kinds of alcohol from different base ingredients.


   302. (302)-Equivalent Exchange (Minecraft) (600cp) You are a powerful Alchemist, able to infuse a Diamond with the power of Redstone and Glowstone to make a Philosopher’s Stone. With such a stone in hand, you’ll be able to create a Transmutation Tablet, allowing you to instantly convert matter from one form to another, possibly even converting ordinary dirt to valuable Diamonds... or even compressing the Diamonds further into Dark Matter or Red Matter. Combining your transmutation skills with these exotic and vastly expensive forms of matter, you’ll be able to produce Alchemical Chests with incredible volume, indestructible equipment with immense power, energy collector systems to generate additional resources from nothingness, and potentially become nearly immortal, burning vast quantities of resources instead of taking wounds. Your powers are all incredibly expensive to use, and you won’t be able to max them out in your time here (especially if you don’t have any advantages in harvesting resources!), but the raw potential of this path exceeds all others


   303. (303)-Alchemist/Formula Formulator (Secrets of Evermore) (800cp) [Alchemist] (200cp) Considered a lost art, the science of Alchemy has reawakened in Evermore, and you've been trained in its use. By combining ordinary ingredients togetherusing an alchemical formula, you can transform them into effects that can only be described as magic. You know both Light Alchemy, the art of healing or protection, and Dark Alchemy, the art of attacking. While it's theoretically possible to learn Alchemy at a later point in Evermore, this will let you skip the training and get straight to the mixing and casting, and will make you significantly better at it to boot. [Formula formulator] (600cp) Learning new alchemical formulas is pretty easy once you've got the basics down. You, on the other hand, can do something much more difficult, and much more impressive. With careful experimentation and tinkering, you can create your own formulas, allowing you to unleash entirely new alchemical effects nobody's ever seen before. Stronger or more useful effects will generally require rarer ingredients, and they usually need to relate to the effect in some metaphorical way, but as long as you keep those rules in mind you'll be coming up with new alchemy in no time.


   304. (304)-Deranged Alchemist (Van Helsing) (300cp) You have mastered the medieval forerunner of chemistry, and know the transformation of matter via elaborate rituals and mysticism on top of your scientific approach. The greatest secrets of Alchemy still elude you, such as the fabled Panacea, but that can be found in due time. (Hint: Nobody’s found it. At all.) However, you are capable of transmutation of many materials (although it requires that said materials be the same base) and can create Homunculi from following Paracelsus’ studies into alchemy.


   305. (305)-Trigram Knowledge and Manipulation (Journey to the West) (600cp) Alchemy and matter manipulation with the understanding of the 8 trigrams to represent the fundamental forces of reality and how to represent and enforce change using these. Let me break this one down for you. It’s like FMA alchemy but with less focus on direct creation and more turning one thing into another of a similar size, including living things. However it cannot create life where there once was none and it requires you to write out a short formula describing the change to make it happen. Feel free to turn sand into water, sheep into boulders and anything else you can think of.


   306. (306)-Transmutation/Alchemy (Fate/) (400cp) There exist many special arts within magecraft, and now you have gained the knowledge of one of them. There are many schools of magic to specialize in, such as Alchemy, Memory Partition, Thought Acceleration, Transmutation, Jewelcraft, Curses etc. You could even learn the Emiya art of Time Manipulation, though you will have only the very basics, and will need years just to get to Kiritsugu's level, but you may possible go even further. You may not choose any True Magic with this perk. This perk can be bought multiple times


   307. (307)-Creation Prodigy (Ar Tonelico) (300cp) Grathmeldingis an artificial magic created as a safer alternative to Song Science by the Goddess Eolia. By combining items via ritual alchemical methods with a Grathnode crystal, the immense Silver Horn wrapped around the tower detects the signal emitted and computes a burst of transmutation magic in response. This ranges from creating magic swords, mechanical armour, advanced prosthetics, healing potions, guided missiles, all the way up to airships and extremely powerful emergent creations beyond the knowledge of Eolia herself. You can divine a deeper logic behind the often-bizarre recipes and have much better odds when devising new Recipes.For those who live away from Ar Tonelico, Synthesis is the more scientific form of the same process. You’re just as good at this.


   308. (308)-Synthesis: Rank 3/Efficiency: Rank 1 (Atelier: Arland Trilogy) (1000cp) [Synthesis] (400cp) Synthesis is the most basic art of the alchemist and deals with the creation of items, usually through simple mixing, though sometimes synthesis can be a complex sequence of magical and chemical reactions. All alchemists learn this to some degree. Seeing as you’re an alchemist, the synthesis of items should really be second nature to you. That being said, even if you’re already an expert, there’s nothing saying that you don’thave room to improve further. Also there is no reason why we can’t help you improve, if you’re willing to put in the effort to learn. !!!Not sure if the ranks stack but I'm saying they do!!! Rank 0: The basics of synthesis, learning how to make basic potions and food without proper ingredients is still pretty helpful. Sure, you won’t be making anything high quality anytime soon, but at least you can make something safely edible from refuse material. It still won’t be “good” for you, but it won’t kill you. Rank 1: Don’t like the looks of what you’ve made? No matter, just give it a makeover! You can substitute the appearance of what you’ve made with something else similar to it in nature. Of course, appearances are exactly that, so don’t expect the function of your item to change. Rank 2: Enhancing what is already present, the items that you create will often possess some small trait related to its original function, generally acting as a sort of minor boost. The nature of the trait will never go against the intended purpose of the item –apotion that normally heals health may also help recover a small bit of your magic. Rank 3: Practice makes perfect, and you’re still a long ways away from perfect. Each time you make that same item, the quality of the product increases, resulting in increased magnitude of the intended effects. Though the gains will diminish the more you create a single item, you’ll find that by the time you reach the plateau you’ll have nearly twice the original effect. [Efficiency] (600cp) As you grow in your skills as a crafter, you’ll start to see more and more requests being handed your way. Before long, you’re going to realize that you don’t have all the time in the world to make everything that is requested of you, and that’s when it becomes all the more important to complete your assignments efficiently. Efficiency isn’t just a matter of time management –it’s about managing waste, reducing redundancies, and above all –improving yourself. Yes, you’ll learn how to reduce the amount of wasteful choices you have to make –but should you apply yourself to this, there’s a lot more to efficiency than what you’ll learn by scratching the surface. All it depends on is whether you’re disciplined enough to follow through. Rank 0: As advertised, you’ll learn how to reduce the amount of waste produced during your crafting process. Achieving a 1:1 conversion will not be possible with this alone, but being able to turn the waste product into a desired product can go a long ways to making synthesis more manageable. Rank 1: f you can use less of an item, you won’t need to make as much. The effect of any item that you craft is increased slightly from its original magnitude, and their durations are again increased slightly. It will take you a little longer than usual to create items –but that’s an acceptable sacrifice.


   309. (309)-Alchemization (SBURB) (400cp) Alchemization is strange business, creating punch cards, double punching and overlapping them to combine items into entirely new items. It's quite an amazing process, but sometimes unpredictable, and without care you could end up with exceptionally silly results. You however, are something else. The moment you get access to an Alchemitter, you will be the most fashionable and deadly kid in paradox space. All of the style will belong to you. In addition to instinctively knowing how to find the best combinations for outfits, weapons, and such things, you'll find it also easy to make useful tools such as a Captaroid Camera, to use things in alchemy without having to actually put it into a sylladex. Handy if you want to duplicate your brain, or something too large to fit. In general, if alchemizing something is possible, you'll be able to think of way to do it.


   310. (310)-Alchemical Expertise (eXceed) (600cp) Alchemy is the ancient art of drawing power from mystic artifacts. Unlike some variations of it you may have seen already, its core principle is imbuement and extraction. First, one must select an object with a useful quality, then they must understand this object fully through study. Then, through this understanding, one may refine this quality into a free-floating concept. This concept may then be applied to a useful vessel, which will benefit from such. For example, one may learn all that there is about a fighter jet, to the point of being capable of explaining everything about it and its operation and function with absolute certainty no matter what circumstances befall it. Then, one may reduce this particular jet to its Flight alone. One could then add its Flight to a suit of armor. An alchemist could then tap into the concept of Flight within it to soar. One could do the same to an industrial electromagnetic order to acquire the concept of Magnetic Attraction, or even a living being in order to acquire the concept of Self-Replication. However, one may only bind two concepts to any given object, and they may not be removed once set.


   311. (311)-Master Synthesist (Kingdom Hearts) (600cp) To make a sword you normally need metal, a tool to shape it, and a forge to heatthe metal. Not you though, you can take strange and esoteric materials and magically combine them into a health potion, or a ring that increases your durability. Once you’ve gotten the hang of it you’ll be able to turn the rare materials you’ve collected into powerful items, weapons that can turn the tide of many a battle. A few examples are making arrowguns that shoot homing laser arrows and can combine to fire a giant bouncing blast, a stringed instrument that can make water dance to your tune to form aqueous duplicates to attack with, or even a deck of cards than can temporarily trap the loser of a game of chance in card form. The greatest expressions of this craft, Save the King, Save the Queen, and the Ultima Weapon, will require years of experience, and some resources so rare you’ll be lucky to find enough even if you scour all the worlds you can. The rarity and power of the materials used will impact the final quality and properties of the finished product.